Sustainability and 
Stewardship Report
1 April 2023 to 31 March 2024

1. Excluding South African fund platform AUM of c. £11.1 billion.
1
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Ninety One is an active investment manager. We invest on 
behalf of our clients to help them achieve their long-term 
investment objectives. We established our business in South 
Africa in 1991. From these emerging market origins, we have built 
a global footprint. 
The business operates with the purpose of “investing for 
a better tomorrow” which guides our culture and values. 
Ninety One is listed on the London and Johannesburg stock 
exchanges with a substantial employee ownership.
About Ninety One
Core asset class offerings and assets under 
management (“AUM”)1
What we do
Ninety One offers a range of specialist and outcomes-
oriented strategies that cover multiple asset classes and 
are managed by teams with distinct investment skill sets.
Equities
£58.4bn
Fixed Income
£31.9bn
Multi-Asset
£20.4bn
Alternatives
£4.3bn
2
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
42% Developed markets 58% Emerging markets
AUM by strategy type
64% Institutional 36% Advisor
AUM by client type
Where we operate
£24.2bn
UK AUM
£14.6bn
Europe AUM
£15.4bn
Americas AUM
£51.3bn
Africa AUM
£20.7bn
Asia Pacific AUM
1,187
staff
21
offices
15
countries
OperationsClient GroupInvestments
4
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
From our Chief Executive Officer
Achieving a sustainable future was 
never going to be easy. For all the 
advocates, there are also sceptics, 
ideologues, the self-interested and 
the weary. 
We have noted, in the past year, rising resistance 
to environmental, social and governance 
initiatives. Efforts by governments worldwide 
to curb reliance on fossil fuels, protect forests 
and expand carbon-pricing tools experienced 
“the most significant setbacks to progress in a 
single year”, according to the State of Climate 
Action 2023 report, published by the World 
Resources Institute.
And yet, the facts tell an irrefutable tale. The global 
mean temperature for the 12 months through 
January 2024 became the highest for a year on 
record and, most strikingly, for the first time over 
a year exceeded the 1.5 oC level over the pre-
industrial average. The ceiling has been breached.
Despite the political distractions, it remains 
critical to forge a timely path to net zero to 
ensure the planet is able to accommodate its 
people, creatures and ecosystems for the long 
term. At Ninety One, we shall certainly stay 
the course. It is the right thing to do, but also 
necessary to preserve and grow the value of 
our clients’ assets. We approach sustainability 
through a fiduciary lens: managing risks and 
opportunities on behalf of our clients in pursuit 
of required returns.
Our investment capabilities, experience and 
focus also give us access to the vast commercial 
opportunities presented by the energy transition 
and the need for solutions to a range of 
sustainability challenges, particularly in emerging 
markets, whose inclusion is essential to success. 
While investors alone cannot deliver a sustainable 
future, a key contribution we can make is through 
the mobilisation of private as well as public 
finance at grand scale. We are fully committed to 
this effort and will continue advocating for others 
to do so.
This report explains how we are handling the 
sustainability challenge and pursuing a better, 
more sustainable planet on behalf of all our 
stakeholders. At all times, aligned with these 
objectives, we know our primary responsibility 
is to help our clients achieve their long-term 
investment goals.
Foreword
Ninety One’s Chief Executive Officer, Hendrik du Toit, has 
reviewed the 2024 Sustainability and Stewardship Report 
to ensure alignment with the outcomes reported to the DLC 
Sustainability, Social and Ethics Committee, as well as fair, 
balanced and clear reporting.
Hendrik du Toit
Founder and Chief Executive Officer 

5
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Nazmeera Moola
Chief Sustainability Officer
From our Chief Sustainability Officer
A key focus of our sustainability 
efforts in the reporting period was 
to work with the investment teams 
to drive positive change at our 
portfolio companies. 
To support the energy transition, this included 
assessing companies’ progress towards net zero 
using our proprietary Transition Plan Assessment 
(TPA) framework, as well as via targeted 
engagements. We again focused these strategic 
engagements on the largest corporate contributors 
to our firm-wide carbon emissions. We also 
conducted strategic engagements with companies 
with idiosyncratic social and governance issues. 
We have strengthened our focus on the social 
aspects of sustainability, enhancing our assessment 
framework for the social elements of corporate 
transition plans, and developing a new analysis 
toolkit to assess risks and opportunities in diversity, 
equity and inclusion (DEI). We also carried out the 
groundwork to help our investment teams make more 
comprehensive assessments of nature-related risks 
and impacts, which will be a focus this year. 
Over the last three years, we have vigorously 
advocated for the finance industry to focus on 
real-world emissions reduction, rather than simply 
portfolio emissions reduction. This was again a 
priority in the reporting period. We remain concerned 
that the drive to decarbonise portfolios will result in 
capital flowing out of emerging markets and sectors 
that need transition investment. We strongly believe 
that unless we help fund the transition in emerging 
markets, there will be no hope of keeping global 
warming below 1.5 oC. A just transition is essential 
in both developing and developed countries: we 
must deal fairly with the people displaced by the 
transition, or progress towards a clean-energy 
future will be slowed by socio-political headwinds. 
In December 2023, we supported the launch of the 
Abu Dhabi Global Climate Finance Centre (“GCFC”), 
which is fully aligned with these imperatives, as a 
founding member. 
To support broader industry progress towards net 
zero, a common understanding of what transition 
investment entails is needed. To this end, we 
again worked in the past year with the Sustainable 
Markets Initiative (“SMI”) and Glasgow Financial 
Alliance for Net Zero (“GFANZ”). 
Lastly, we continued to address our own emissions. 
The biggest contributor to our Scope 1 and 2 
emissions is the electricity consumption of our 
Cape Town office. To mitigate this, we are engaging 
with our landlord and the local municipality to set 
up the first virtual power purchase agreement over 
a municipal grid in South Africa, facilitating the 
procurement of green power for our Cape Town 
premises. We hope this arrangement can serve as 
a model for others to follow. 
Year in review: driving positive change
6
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Our approach  
to sustainability 
We believe that integrating sustainability into investment decision-making can 
lead to better financial outcomes for our clients. For the bulk of our strategies, 
this involves identifying, understanding and integrating the material sustainability 
risks and opportunities within the investment process – and seeking to 
engage to mitigate these risks where possible. In addition, we have developed 
sustainable strategies (see page 26) that explicitly seek to invest behind the 
tailwinds that we believe key sustainability themes will provide for relevant 
companies and countries.
We believe that this approach gives us the best opportunity to have a positive 
real-world impact while delivering our core responsibility of maximising value for 
our investors. To complement this approach, we seek to contribute to the global 
policy agenda, where relevant, through our advocacy and to act sustainably 
within our own business.
Our sustainability framework has three pillars – Invest , Advocate and Inhabit  – 
underpinned by six principles.
Endeavour to identify, 
understand and 
integrate material 
sustainability risks and 
opportunities within the 
investment process.
Fulfil stewardship and 
fiduciary duties to 
stakeholders, including 
exercising ownership 
rights responsibly.
Develop investment 
solutions that focus on 
addressing sustainability 
challenges and the 
energy transition.
Invest
Play our part in 
accelerating the 
transition to a more 
sustainable future by 
contributing to the 
global policy agenda 
and development of 
industry standards.
Advocate
Look to act 
sustainably and aim 
to run our business 
responsibly.
Inhabit
Disclose how we discharge our sustainability 
responsibilities through publicly available policies 
and reporting.
Invest | Advocate | Inhabit
Our sustainability principles
Our approach to sustainability within our investments is governed 
by our Sustainability Policy  and our Stewardship Policy and Proxy 
Voting Guidelines .
7
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Highlights, key figures
and significant 
developments 
Sustainability highlights
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Invest
All investments carry the risk of capital loss and past performance does not predict future returns.
Delivering on our transition plan and targets
Improving transparency and disclosure
Building sustainability-focused products and tools
Developed new analytical frameworks
to assess companies for diversity, 
equity and inclusion and Just Transition
Developed an
Emerging Markets Transition Debt Strategy
which launched in April 2024
Science Based Targets initiative (“SBTi”) 
commitments or targets approved
10.9%
Financed 
emissions
26.6%
Corporate  
AUM
Completed Transition Plan Assessments
44
to evaluate progress of our top 
emitters towards delivering ambitious 
and credible transition plans
Added new scenario-analysis tools
to enhance our ability to assess climate risks
to further develop sustainable investing expertise
Opened ‘Transition School’ for Ninety One 
investment teams
98%
at the 2023 annual 
general meeting (“AGM”)
Shareholder support for our transition plan
Submitted our second full CDP report
4 & 5 stars
across all 
applicable modules
Achieved PRI Assessment scores between
Maintained signatory status to the 
FRC UK Stewardship Code
Assets managed
sustainable equity and 
multi-asset strategies*
£4.3billion
sustainable fixed income 
and infrastructure*
£1.0billion
*As at 31 March 2024.
Implemented UK’s Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
product-level disclosures and the 
European Union’s Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation (SFDR)
periodic disclosures
Ninety One Global Sustainable Equity named
‘Best ESG Investment Fund: Global Equities’
in the ESG Investing Awards 2024*
*Announced 7 March 2023. Based on written submissions 
assessed by a judging panel. Award organised by ESG Investing.
Ninety One Global Environment strategy won the
‘Sustainable Active Equity Manager’
at the Professional Pensions Investment Awards*
*Announced 24 November 2023. Based broadly on performance 
over 12m to 30 June 2023. Award organised by Professional 
Pensions in association with Aon.
9
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Advocate
Policy advocacy for a just transition
as opposed to portfolio decarbonisation,
Continued to emphasise the importance 
of a fair and inclusive transition,
especially in emerging markets.
and that the transition needs to be 
adequately funded,
advocating for an inclusive transition to net zero.
Attended COP28,
Continued to contribute to the South African 
Presidential Climate Commission (PCC)
Continued to emphasise the importance 
of a fair and inclusive transition for 
emerging markets
and the adequate financing of this 
through active, catalytic investment – 
not through divestment
Advocated for a just and inclusive transition 
to a net-zero world at COP28 in Dubai
on the planning and implementation of the South 
African Just Energy Transition Investment Plan
Continued engagement with South Africa’s 
Presidential Climate Commission (“PCC”)
Providing thought leadership
focusing on whether asset owners are moving 
from decarbonising their portfolios to reducing 
real-world emissions
Published fourth edition of 
Planetary Pulse survey,
Explored the opportunities for investors in
financing transition through the debt markets
Published investment analysis of what the
US election may mean for investors 
in decarbonisation
Published investment insights into
sustainable investment opportunities 
in Latin America and China
Strengthening our industry collaborations
Became co-lead of
Climate Action 100+ engagements with 
Glencore and Pemex
Continued to co-lead on
Eskom and Sasol engagements
Participated in the
Taskforce on Nature-related Financial 
Disclosures (“TNFD”) Forum
and working groups of
GFANZ, ILN, 
Sustainable Markets Initiative (“SMI”) 
and the 
IIGCC
Continued to co-chair the
Institutional Investors Group on 
Climate Change (“IIGCC”) investor 
practices programme
Joined
Global Investor Commission 
on Mining 2030,
Access to Medicine Foundation
Nature Action 100
and
Became co-chair of the
Investor Leadership Network (“ILN”)
10
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Inhabit
Reducing our environmental footprint 
Supporting our people
through our partnership with BioCarbon Partners*
Carbon neutral on a Scope 1, 2 and 3 
(Category 6)
for our Cape Town office
Agreed to establish first-of-a-kind 
‘wheeling’ clean-energy procurement 
arrangement
continued to support employees to reduce 
their personal carbon footprints
Ninety One Green, an employee network,
via our charity matching programme
Amplified staff charitable contributions
Investing in our community
Partnered with
UK peers and RedSTART to commission 
a seven-year longitudinal study
to more than
Provided funding and support
Supported a
third solar-powered water infrastructure 
project in rural South Africa,
to identify links between financial education 
at an early age and social mobility
100
university 
students
in South Africa through our 
Changeblazers programme
where there was previously no easy access 
to clean water
gives high-school learners a means 
of school transportation
Funded
entrepreneurship programmes and 
community organisations in rural 
and peri-urban areas
Partnered with institutional clients in South 
Africa for the third consecutive year to expand 
a programme that
Funded more than
10
postgraduate 
research projects
in water and health sectors, where the 
intended outcome is to benefit the lives of 
ordinary people.
*see page 70 for details.
11
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Key figures
PRI scores
between 4 and 5 stars across all 
applicable modules 3
£5.3 billion 
managed in sustainable strategies 2
488
engagements 
15,006
proxy votes cast
2.  Sustainable strategies are defined by Ninety One’s internal framework, based on the European Commission’s   
 Sustainable Finance Disclosures Regulation (SFDR) criteria as at November 2019 for Article 8 and Article 9 funds.
3.  Please see Appendix 6 for further information. 
25%
reduction
 in total Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
(location-based) vs. 2019 
baseline
£2 million
to education and skills development 
initiatives globally
Contributed more than
16,000
purchased and retired with respect to 
Scope 1, 2 and 3 (category 6) emissions
carbon credits
12
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Priorities for
2024 – 2025 
Invest
 ɽ Pursue best-in-class ESG integration.
 ɽ Grow our assets in investment strategies focused on sustainability 
and the carbon transition.
 ɽ Expand the scope and application of proprietary tools to assess 
transition, measure sustainable investments and track real-world 
emissions reduction.
 ɽ Assess, monitor and engage our top emitters on their transition plans.
 ɽ Enhance our strategic engagements through differentiated 
engagement approaches, clear milestones and escalation.
 ɽ Implement investment frameworks beyond climate, notably for just 
transition, nature and biodiversity, and diversity, equity and inclusion, 
in line with client demand.
Advocate
 ɽ Advocate for a reframing of investors’ role in contributing to net 
zero, centred on delivering real-world carbon reduction and 
portfolio returns.
 ɽ Advocate for increased allocations to transition finance by raising 
awareness that perceptions of EM risk are often higher than realised 
risk, and by supporting efforts to mobilise risk-mitigation capital.
 ɽ Advocate for a fair and inclusive transition, pursuing actions to 
manage the social impacts of the transition.
Inhabit
 ɽ Continue to make progress on our emissions targets, including via 
a major refurbishment of our Cape Town office and agreement for 
a first-of-a-kind ‘wheeling’ power arrangement. 
 ɽ Continue to focus on building an intergenerational business, and 
talent density and diversity. 
 ɽ Continue to engage with industry bodies, universities and non-
profit organisations on CSI initiatives, with a particular focus on 
increasing impact.
4. At the 2023 Ninety One AGM, 98.05% of shareholders supported our transition plan. We engaged with shareholders before and after the   
 vote to discuss the strategy in depth. The DLC Board SS&E Committee and Sustainability Committee reviewed the outcome of the vote.
13
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Our net-zero transition plan 
and progress
Ninety One joined the Net Zero Asset Managers initiative in 2021, 
committing to reach net-zero emissions by 2050 or sooner. 
We published our transition plan in 2022 4, which includes 2030 
targets for our investments and our operations.
Our strategy
Assessment
Assessing high-emitting companies’ 
transition plans using our proprietary 
Transition Plan Assessment tool.
Investment targets 
Address the emissions 
associated with the portfolios 
we manage for clients
(Scope 3, category 15).
Operational targets 
Address the emissions 
associated with our own 
operations (Scope 1 and 2).
We are pursuing four main channels to progress towards our net-zero 
investments targets:
Engagement
Engaging companies on their 
transition plans to influence 
change and track progress.
Solutions
Providing investment solutions to 
enable increased allocations to climate 
solutions and transition investments.
Education
Enhancing investment knowledge 
on net-zero technologies, 
industries and innovations.
To achieve the targets for our operations, we are focused on:
For details, please see the ‘ Invest’ and ‘Inhabit ’ sections.
Reducing overall 
energy 
consumption.
Identifying high-
quality sources of 
renewable energy.
Implementing energy 
efficiency measures 
across our offices.
Our progress
Financed emissions 
with science-based targets
Investments
As at 31 March 2024, 10.9% of our financed emissions and 26.6% of corporate AUM 
had set or committed to science-based transition targets.
Our operations
A highlight of the past year was agreeing to set up a first-of-a-kind ‘wheeling’ arrangement 
for our Cape Town office in South Africa. ‘Wheeling’ involves the transfer of privately 
generated renewable energy across the national grid to meet our electricity needs. 
For details on our work to transition our operations to net zero, please see ‘ Inhabit’.
8.5%2023
10.9%2024
% of corporate AUM 
with science-based targets
26.4%2023
26.6%2024
50%2030 56%2030
Generally, the largest emitters have the most work to do to get on 
track for net zero by 2050. Consequently, some of the largest emitters 
in our portfolios are yet to set science-based targets, which is why 
the percentage of financed emissions with science-based targets is 
significantly smaller than the equivalent percentage of corporate AUM.
Consistent with our focus on reducing real-world emissions, 
we are prioritising working with the biggest emitters to 
encourage them to set credible targets. This work is highlighted 
by the ‘engagement’ figure shown: we have now engaged with 
companies responsible for 75% of our financed emissions.
Percentage 
of financed 
emissions 
engaged 
with 2024
75%
-50%
-40%
-30%
-20%
-10%
0%
2019
-20%
2020
-31%
FY2022⁵
-27%
FY2023
-25%
FY2024
-46%
FY2030 target
5. In line with recommended sustainability accounting standards, the reporting period for emissions disclosures was amended in 2022 to align with  
 Ninety One’s financial year (1 April – 31 March). In previous years, disclosures were reported as at calendar year end. Given the substantial overlap  
 between FY2022 and calendar year 2021, we only report FY2022 here.
Source: Ninety One.
As at 31 March 2024, we had reduced absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
(location based) by 25% vs. our baseline of 2019. Our target is a reduction 
of 46% by 2030.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
15
Invest
Investing responsibly is central 
to our core goal of achieving 
long-term investment 
excellence for our clients.
16
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Our approach to ‘Invest’
We define responsible investment as: 
Integrating ESG factors into our 
investment processes to deepen our 
understanding of risks and opportunities.
Offering sustainable strategies that seek 
to invest in companies making a positive 
influence on the world.
Aiming to address ESG risks and 
drive real-world change through 
active ownership.
ESG integration
We believe investment outcomes can be improved by a deep 
understanding of material ESG risks and opportunities and their 
potential to affect value. Consequently, we seek high-quality 
ESG integration across all our investment strategies.
The investment teams have primary responsibility for 
considering ESG risks in their investment analysis, identifying 
engagement priorities and deciding how to vote on them. Each 
team integrates ESG issues in accordance with its investment 
philosophy and processes (see table on next page). 
In doing so, they tailor their integration approach based 
on considerations including:
 ɽ The regulations and standards relevant to the region(s) 
invested in.
 ɽ Specific risks and opportunities for different asset 
classes, including the ability to have, and varying levers 
of, influence.
 ɽ Typical holding periods and sector exposures. 
17
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Investing in our systems
To support ESG integration by our investment teams, during the reporting 
period we further developed data storage and surfacing tools to enable 
them to analyse portfolios against relevant ESG datasets. These processes 
were improved by working with vendors and our technology teams to 
automate the onboarding of the datasets.
We also enhanced our ability to conduct climate-scenario analysis, 
onboarding a specialist solution into our systems to enable our investment 
teams to gain a deeper understanding of the physical and transition risks 
in our portfolios. We remain cautious about climate-scenario analysis and 
its accuracy, given the multitude of variables involved in climate modelling 
and the very long modelling timeframes. Nevertheless, we see it as a useful 
addition to our bottom-up analysis of company-specific risk.
Asset
class
Investment 
team
ESG integration
philosophy
Developments over 
past 12 months
Equities 4Factor
Material ESG issues considered in 
bottom-up research to gain a better 
understanding of the quality of a 
company’s business strategy.
Deepening carbon-emission analysis 
through the use of 4Factor-specific 
Transition Plan Assessments.
Equities Quality
Material ESG risks and opportunities 
identified top-down and bottom-up, 
at industry level and our proprietary 
stakeholder framework and climate-
strategy assessment.
Continued use of Climate Strategy 
Assessments to prioritise engagements 
with companies and evaluate whether 
credible targets and Paris-aligned 
transition pathways are in place. 
Development of a framework to assess 
companies’ management of and approach 
to DEI, and a toolkit to assess companies’ 
use of carbon offsets and renewable 
energy certificates. 
Equities Value
Material ESG issues assessed with 
potential to drive revaluation of a 
company. 
Carbon emissions analysis further 
integrated into research process via use 
of Transition Plan Assessments for higher-
emitting companies. 
Equities Sustainable 
Equity
Sustainability-based strategies featuring 
positive inclusion and a focus on 
sustainable-solutions providers. Material 
ESG issues considered through lenses of 
natural, human and social capital.
Continued implementation and evolution 
of sustainable solutions methodologies – 
see page 29. 
18
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Asset
class
Investment 
team
ESG integration
philosophy
Developments over 
past 12 months
Equities Thematic 
Equity
Material ESG issues considered through 
specialist bottom-up analysis of 
companies, including transition plans.
Continued use of Transition Plan 
Assessments as a means of engaging 
strategically with higher-emitting 
companies to prioritise how to address 
issues and barriers to transition. 
Fixed 
Income
Emerging 
Market Fixed 
Income: 
Sovereign
Scorecard approach based on a 
forward-looking qualitative assessment 
of ESG trends, integrated via a 
proprietary ESG score.
Further evolution of ESG scoring 
methodology and inputs, such as the 
Net Zero Sovereign Index.
Fixed 
Income
Emerging 
Market Fixed 
Income: Credit
Scorecard approach that considers 
ESG impacts on issuer financials and 
identifies where a company may be 
falling short on material ESG issues.
Developed a transition investment 
framework to underpin strategy for 
funding and supporting a fair energy 
transition in emerging markets for both 
public and private holdings. 
Multi-Asset Multi-Asset
Material sustainability risks and 
opportunities considered across 
nature/the environment, society and 
the workforce; big-picture themes, 
including sustainability themes such 
as climate change, identified via a 
thematic macro framework.
Leveraged the developments of the 
4Factor, Sustainable Equity, Quality, 
Multi-Asset Credit and Emerging Market 
Fixed Income teams to enhance the ESG 
integration process.
Alternatives
Emerging 
Market 
Alternative 
Credit 
ESG assessment for assets defined 
by respective management systems’ 
performance standards.
Management systems and ESG 
screening/assessment tools updated to 
reflect approaches to key ESG themes 
such as nature and biodiversity, gender 
and climate.
Alternatives Multi-Asset 
Credit
Framework centred on nine core 
sustainability themes, translated into a 
proprietary ESG rating.
Further evolution of the Transition 
Pathway scoring methodology. 
Alternatives DM Private 
Credit
ESG assessment based on credit-
specific risk factors and tailored 
accordingly.
Since initiating the European private 
credit strategy, integration questionnaire 
tested across four separate deals. 
Questions span a broad array of ESG 
topics. Deals have included companies 
with strong sustainability initiatives.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
19
Integration case studies6
The following case studies illustrate the ways ESG analysis is integrated into 
Ninety One’s investment strategies.
6. Companies selected to illustrate ESG integration by Ninety One’s investment teams. This is not a buy, sell or hold recommendation for any   
 particular security. For further information on specific portfolio names, please see the Important information.
7. The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requires certain employers to submit EEO-1 data (workforce demographic data) annually.
The Quality team considers a broad range of ESG factors that may influence the 
sustainability of a company’s business model, which can include how a company 
manages diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI). Electronic Arts (EA) is the largest 
independent video game publisher in the West, owning gaming intellectual 
property including FC (formerly FIFA), The Sims, Madden and Apex Legends. 
We have been interacting with the company on DEI since 2021. This was in 
response to a series of DEI-related controversies in the gaming industry, most 
notably surrounding Activision Blizzard. This analysis was enhanced in the 
reporting period by our new proprietary DEI analysis toolkit (see page 21). 
From these engagements, the investment team took comfort regarding the 
steps EA has been taking to manage DEI risks and opportunities. It has been 
encouraging to see EA increase its DEI transparency and commitments, 
voluntarily disclosing EEO-1 diversity data 7 and setting quantitative representation 
goals. With a 46% increase in underrepresented talent in executive roles over 
the last two years, there is clear evidence of progress. In addition to EA hitting its 
hiring targets, we were pleased to hear that the Chief Diversity Officer partners 
with each business unit to create a specific, data-driven DEI plan for each one. 
This, and the fact that DEI is a component of yearly remuneration, suggests that 
management recognises the importance of this issue in attracting and retaining 
talent, and growing its customer base. 
Equities
The Emerging Market Sovereign Debt investment team seeks to make a 
forward-looking assessment of ESG trends, using a proprietary ESG trend 
score to assess the sustainability risk for each country. If a country is doing 
well and heading in a positive direction, it is viewed as a positive scoring 
country, even if it may start from a low absolute ESG score. A country 
with perhaps better absolute ESG levels but that is trending negatively is 
scored poorly.
Fixed Income
Quality: exploring the social 
side of gaming
Emerging Market Sovereign Debt: 
scoring sovereign governance
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
20
In the reporting year, the team continued to score Zambia well from an ESG 
perspective, with a particularly strong governance score. In its view, Zambia is 
moving towards becoming a country where the rule of law is respected, civil 
society is allowed to speak freely, and economic policy is slowly moving in the right 
direction under an IMF programme. The investment team has held a Zambia position 
across the fixed income platform explicitly with a view to taking the bonds through 
restructuring, based on a positive view on recovery and with an understanding that 
default was a high possibility. The team is positive on the structural reforms under 
President Hichilema, which are likely to boost foreign direct investment over the 
coming years while also improving institutional quality and capacity. 
The Multi-Asset team uses a thematic macro framework to identify big-picture 
tailwinds and headwinds that may influence investment outcomes. Climate 
change is one of the themes addressed in the framework. The team believes 
that growing recognition of the severity of climate change is prompting global 
changes in production and consumption systems, in turn creating transition 
risks for countries and industries, as well as opportunities for businesses able 
to promote decarbonisation. An output of this research in 2023 was exposure 
in some of our multi-asset portfolios to companies promoting and facilitating 
decarbonisation. They included a leading manufacturer of batteries for electric 
vehicles (EVs) and energy storage solutions (ESS). The investment case for 
the company is supported by forecasted rapid electrification of transport and 
increasing battery energy storage adoption.
Multi-Asset
With a proprietary approach to sustainability analysis, the Emerging Market 
Alternative Credit team believes that ESG assessments enhance its fundamental 
research, improve its understanding of credit risk, and support the quality of 
investment decision-making. To this end, the team has developed an ESG toolkit for 
all of its credit strategies.
This analysis helped the team play a key role in structuring and advancing its first 
ESG-related loan for Balwin Properties Ltd., a sectional title property developer in 
South Africa contributing to the residential needs of South Africa’s growing low-to-
middle income population. The loan, which was advanced via the Ninety One Credit 
Opportunities strategy, embeds ESG-related targets and is the first in the South 
African residential property real-estate market to incorporate financial savings for 
homebuyers as one of its targets, alongside energy and water-saving targets. The 
financial savings contribute to financial inclusion via interest savings on mortgages, 
facilitated by Balwin’s green-bond initiative, a partnership between the developer and 
local banks, as well lower utility costs. Balwin’s cost of funding is adjusted downwards 
based on the achievement of these targets, thereby incentivising ESG improvements. 
Additionally, the loan enables Balwin to build core infrastructure, addressing South 
Africa’s infrastructure investment gap.
Alternatives
Multi-Asset: from big-picture perspective 
to single-stock selection
Emerging Market Alternative Credit: 
empowering sustainable living in South Africa
Developing new sustainability 
assessment frameworks to 
support ESG integration
Diversity, equity and inclusion
During the reporting year, some of our investment teams began 
using a proprietary analysis toolkit (developed with the assistance of 
Ninety One’s Human Capital function) to inform our investment teams’ 
assessments of companies on diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI). Failure 
to address DEI can result in a variety of risks to a company; appropriately 
managed, it is a potential source of competitive advantage, particularly for 
people-centred businesses. Our framework is designed to help investment 
teams identify whether a company’s DEI strategy is, at a minimum, 
sufficient to mitigate downside risk (particularly reputational risk) and 
whether the company recognises DEI as an important source of potential 
competitive advantage. Please see the ESG integration case study above, 
‘Quality investment team: exploring the social side of gaming’ .
Just Transition
We developed a Just Transition framework to enable more 
comprehensive assessments of the social elements of companies’ 
transition plans. The International Labour Organisation defines ‘ Just 
Transition’ as “greening the economy in a way that is as fair and 
inclusive as possible to everyone concerned”. See ‘Transitioning our 
investments to net zero’ on the following page.
Nature and biodiversity
Nature and biodiversity will be a focus of our sustainability work in 2024. 
Following the recommendations of the Taskforce on Nature-related 
Financial Disclosures, during the reporting period we reviewed our 
investment teams’ existing processes for assessing and managing nature-
related risks and opportunities, and analysed data for our overall exposure 
to nature-related risks. We are now developing a strategy for assessing 
and managing nature and biodiversity risks, dependencies and impacts 
at a firmwide level. We also joined Nature Action 100, a global investor 
engagement initiative focused on driving greater corporate ambition and 
action to reverse nature and biodiversity loss. The initiative will engage 
companies in sectors that are deemed to be systemically important in 
reversing nature and biodiversity loss by 2030. Ninety One is participating 
in Nature Action 100 collective engagements with four companies as co-
leads, and in addition co-signed a letter sent to 100 companies setting out 
investor expectations around nature-related risks. 
21
Sustainability and Stewardship Report2121
Transitioning our 
investments to net zero
To deliver on our net-zero investment targets, we have identified four 
areas of action:
1. Assessment
As shareholders, we have a role to play in motivating companies to 
set ambitious and credible transition plans. We also need to assess 
companies on their approach to transitioning to better understand 
investment risks and opportunities. Our proprietary Transition Plan 
Assessments (TPA) methodology is a key tool we use to achieve 
these ends, as well as to inform our engagement strategy. Our TPAs 
focus on three key factors: level of ambition, credibility of plan and 
implementation of plan.
During the reporting year, we evolved the TPA to reflect differences in 
how some industries will decarbonise. By tailoring certain indicators, 
we have focused the assessments more precisely on the areas of 
highest net-zero impact for each company. For example, our mining 
sector TPA has an additional indicator to assess the extent to which 
a company’s strategy includes new exploration or expansion of high-
carbon products, such as thermal or coking coal. These tailored 
indicators focus our analysts’ attention on the key areas for intervention 
within a sector and inform strategic engagements.
We have also introduced a framework to assess the extent to which 
companies are approaching transition in a fair and inclusive way. This is 
important because, without a social strategy and focus, our investments 
could be subject to business, financial, regulatory, reputational and/or 
legal risk. Where appropriate, our Just Transition framework is used to 
assess companies on whether: 
 ɽ A just transition/social justice is acknowledged in a company’s 
transition strategy.
 ɽ The company has identified and is engaging affected 
stakeholders on a just transition.
 ɽ The company explains how its just transition strategy will be 
implemented.
22
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
2. Engagement
Engaging with companies on their transition plans is central to our net-
zero strategy. During the reporting period, we carried out 70 top-emitter 
engagements, using the output from our TPAs to identify time-bound engagement 
objectives. We may use other levers, such as proxy voting, to escalate an 
engagement where necessary. We also engage with other material emitters to 
set out our expectations in relation to net zero, including regarding disclosure, 
target setting and the development of clear transition plans. Case studies of our 
engagements over the year can be found in the Active Ownership section.
In addition to bilateral engagement, Ninety One participates in collaborative 
engagements aligned with our net-zero strategy. These include Climate Action 
100+ (“CA100+”) engagements, which focus on the largest global emitters, and 
the IIGCC’s Net Zero Engagement Initiative, which includes more companies that 
are significant users of fossil fuels. Further information on these collaborative 
engagements can be found in the Engagement section below. Our engagements 
covered 75% of our financed emissions over the year to 31 March 2024.
8. Judgement to be applied when considering significance of impact. >10% of workforce as a rough proxy.
23
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Ambition
Is a just transition included in the company’s transition strategy?
CredibilityImplementation
Does the company recognise the social 
implications of climate change?
Does the company make any commitment 
to addressing the social implications?
Workers
Does the corporate 
transition impact a significant 
proportion of the workforce?8
Communities
Does the corporate transition 
have a significant impact on local 
communities and consumers?
Supply chain
Does the corporate 
transition have a significant 
impact on suppliers?
Is there 
adequate 
detail?
Has there 
been adequate 
consultation 
with impacted 
stakeholders?
Is the company 
collaborating with 
government/
policy makers 
where required?
Is the company 
measuring and 
disclosing its 
impact?
Has adequate 
resource/
funding been 
allocated?
Has the company identified and engaged affected stakeholders?
How will the plan be implemented?
3. Solutions
We believe that enabling clients to invest in climate-change solutions 
and transition opportunities is the most direct way an asset manager 
can contribute to real-world decarbonisation. Emerging Markets 
Transition Debt (developed in the reporting period and launched in 
April 2024) is a significant addition to our range of strategies targeting 
these outcomes. Invested at the intersection of impact and return, it will 
offer an integrated portfolio of private and public debt. Via the strategy, 
investors will be able to provide transition finance to emerging markets 
– at commercial rates – to support emissions-avoiding industries and 
infrastructure, and to facilitate decarbonisation of high emitters by 
financing those with credible targets and plans. 
General risks.  The value of investments, and any income generated from them, 
can fall as well as rise. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. 
Investment objectives and performance targets may not necessarily be achieved, 
losses may be made. Environmental, social or governance related risk events or 
factors, if they occur, could cause a negative impact on the value of investments.
Specific risks.  Sustainable Strategies: Sustainable, impact or other sustainability-
focused portfolios consider specific factors related to their strategies in assessing 
and selecting investments. As a result, they will exclude certain industries and 
companies that do not meet their criteria. This may result in their portfolios being 
substantially different from broader benchmarks or investment universes, which 
could in turn result in relative investment performance deviating significantly from 
the performance of the broader market.
During the year, we also developed an investment strategy that aims 
to promote sustainable and inclusive economic growth in South Africa 
through debt funding of public and private sector infrastructure. The 
strategy will help to facilitate the flow of private investments into a 
broad range of high-quality South African infrastructure projects, 
including those enabling South Africa’s energy transition. Among them, 
the KaXu Solar One project will add 100 megawatts of solar-generated 
electricity to the national grid every year.
We continue to deploy capital to support global decarbonisation 
through our Global Environment strategy, as well as our Sustainable 
Equity strategies. The focus is on investing in companies that avoid 
carbon emissions by providing products and services that displace 
higher-carbon alternatives.
24
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
4. Education
In 2023, we opened ‘Transition School’ for investment teams at Ninety One, part 
of our commitment to building investment capability on the net-zero transition. 
Transition School builds on the Imperial College ‘Climate Risk Programme’ many 
of our investment professionals completed in 2021.
Taught by internal and external experts, Transition School explores how high-
emitting sectors will decarbonise and the critical technologies and policies needed 
to get to net zero. The ultimate aim is to inform investment decision-making and 
ensure that engagement with companies on their transition plans is well-informed, 
strategic and effective. The sessions held in the reporting period focused on 
the following: carbon capture, utilisation and storage (CCUS); green hydrogen; 
batteries and storage; material and resource requirements; a just transition. 
Transition School content: How does CCUS work?
The four steps of CCUS
Capture
1 Remove CO2 from 
source such as factory, 
refinery or power plant.
Transport
2Transport CO2 from 
capture site to storage site 
via pipeline, ship or truck.
Utilise
4 Utilise the remaining CO 2 by 
converting into fuels, chemicals 
and other products, or for 
enhanced oil recovery (EOR) *
Store
3Inject CO2 underground into 
onshore or offshore deep 
geological formation.
CO2
CO2
CO2
CO2 CO2
25
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Material developed for Transition School session on CCUS. Source: Ninety One.
Impact and 
sustainable strategies 
Ninety One offers a range of strategies that focus on aspects 
of sustainability, including:
We invest in a way that seeks to capture the return and growth 
opportunities from addressing these sustainability challenges. 
During the reporting period, we focused on expanding our range 
of sustainable strategies, enhancing our approach to measuring 
impact, and aligning to regulatory requirements.
No representation is being made that any investment will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those achieved 
in the past, or that significant losses will be avoided.  
This is not a buy, sell or hold recommendation for any particular security. For further information on specific portfolio names, please see the 
Important information section. *Shenzen Mindray Bio-Medical Electronics Co.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Highlights 
Climate change
Supporting decarbonisation 
by investing in climate 
solutions and transition, and 
adaptation to the impacts 
of climate change.
Access to services
Enabling access to 
healthcare, education, 
infrastructure and other 
important services.
Economic development
Promoting equitable 
development, for example 
through job creation, 
productivity gains and 
innovation in emerging markets.
Global Environment 
Added its first Indian 
decarbonisation holding 
(Power Grid Corporation of 
India) and its first hydrogen-
focused holding (Industrie 
de Nora).
Emerging Markets 
Sustainable Equity 
Added its first 
healthcare-impact 
holding, via an investment 
in a medical-device 
company (Mindray*).
Emerging Markets 
Transition Debt 
Strategy developed 
(launched after end of 
reporting period), which will 
provide transition finance to 
emerging markets. 
Emerging Africa 
Infrastructure Fund 
Expanded its mandate 
to include South and 
Southeast Asia and the 
Pacific.
Emerging Markets 
Sustainable Blended Debt 
Augmented its Net Zero 
Sovereign Index to better 
assess countries’ alignment 
with the Paris Agreement 
goals.
Global Sustainable Equity 
Increased its minimum 
commitment to ‘Sustainable 
Investments’ (or sustainable 
solutions providers) from 50% 
to 75%; all holdings meet the 
criteria for internal sustainability.
Please refer to page 24 for a summary of risks relating to these strategies.
27
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Our sustainable 
investment solutions
Sustainability  
opportunity Strategy focus
Global Environment Climate solutions and 
transition
Invests in companies that offer environmental 
products and solutions, are leaders in sustainable 
decarbonisation, and have quantifiable ‘carbon 
avoided’
Global Sustainable Equity Sustainability themed 
and climate solutions
Invests in companies with sustainable drivers that 
are helping to build a better world
Emerging Markets 
Sustainable Equity
Sustainability themed 
and climate solutions
Invests in companies aiming to capture the 
sustainable growth opportunity in emerging 
markets
UK Sustainable Equity Sustainability themed 
and climate solutions
Invests in UK companies that are contributing to 
a more sustainable future
Global Multi-Asset 
Sustainable Growth
Sustainability themed 
and climate solutions
Invests in assets that operate to the highest 
standards and are part of the solution for a 
sustainable future
Emerging Markets 
Sustainable Blended Debt
Sustainability themed 
and climate solutions
Invests in countries with improving 
environmental, social and governance trends
Emerging Markets 
Transition Debt
Climate solutions and 
transition
Invests in assets advancing a just transition away 
from fossil fuels through lending activities in the 
emerging market credit markets
Emerging Africa 
Infrastructure Fund
Sustainability themed, 
climate solutions and 
transition
Provides debt products to infrastructure 
projects essential to economic stability, business 
confidence, job creation and poverty reduction
In the reporting year, we worked to expand our offering of sustainable 
fixed income  strategies with a focus on sustainability. The Emerging 
Markets Transition Debt strategy officially launched just after the 
reporting period, on 4 April 2024. 
This new strategy complements our existing sustainable fixed 
income offering with a focus on sustainability in the emerging world: 
Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund (EAIF) , which for the past two 
decades has provided flexible, patient debt capital to a diversified 
portfolio of impactful infrastructure projects in Africa 9; and Emerging 
Markets Sustainable Blended Debt , which invests with the belief 
that countries with improving ESG metrics will build more sustainable 
economies and unlock higher productivity, leading to outperformance 
of their assets.
9. Ninety One (and its successor company) was awarded the mandate to manage EAIF in May 2016.
28
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Expanding our range 
of sustainable strategies
Emerging Markets Transition Debt
We believe enabling investment in climate-change solutions and 
transition opportunities is the most direct way an asset manager 
can contribute to real-world decarbonisation. Developed during 
the reporting year and launched shortly after, Emerging Markets 
Transition Debt is a significant addition to our range of strategies 
targeting these outcomes. Invested at the intersection of impact and 
return, it will offer an integrated portfolio of private and public debt, 
providing transition finance to emerging markets – at commercial 
rates – to support emission-avoiding industries and infrastructure, 
and to drive improvements among high emitters.
For our Sustainable Equity  strategies, which target a diverse range of 
investments expected to benefit from sustainable progress, the focus of 
our work in the reporting period was on enhancing the assessment and 
measurement frameworks we use to quantify and evidence positive impact 
for the companies our sustainable equity and multi-asset strategies invest in. 
These methodologies allow us to identify companies whose future revenue 
growth is supported by a sustainability driver, and to track and measure their 
impact via a key performance indicator (KPI). KPIs are selected on a case-
by-case basis for each holding. The ‘climate adaptation’ category has been 
renamed ‘climate adaptation and water’, reflecting research we have done in 
the past year into tracking and measuring the impact of solutions to the world’s 
water challenges, which we regard as a large addressable market in itself.
During the reporting period, we refined KPIs for a number of companies and, 
where needed, engaged to encourage the disclosure of additional data to 
help us more accurately track the KPI. Our methodologies currently include 
those in the following table.
The majority of the assets managed in our Sustainable Equity strategies were 
in companies whose impact we track via a relevant KPI. We classify these as 
‘sustainable solutions providers’. In terms of the total number of holdings, at the end 
of 2023 about 73% of the companies held across the Sustainable Equity portfolios 
were sustainable solutions providers. All of the companies in the Sustainable Equity 
portfolios meet our criteria for internal sustainability; i.e., they are run in a way that 
we regard as sustainable, but are not assessed as making a measurable impact in 
one of the six sustainable structural-growth areas detailed above. 
29
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Enhancing our 
measurement frameworks
Methodology Description
Decarbonisation Providing products or services that displace carbon 
emissions versus the alternative.
Climate adaptation and water Contributing to helping those affected by the physical 
impacts of climate change.
Financial inclusion Providing financial services to underserved groups.
Healthcare impact Promoting healthcare inclusion and reducing health 
inequality.
Access to education Dissemination of educational and knowledge 
resources and providing training to help
close skills gaps. 
Digital inclusion Bringing access to digital technologies, infrastructure 
and services to underserved cohorts.
The following examples show impact KPIs that were calculated via the 
above methodologies and tracked for sustainable equity and multi-asset 
portfolio companies in 2023.
Company selected to illustrate approaches to measuring impact used by Ninety One Sustainable Equity strategies. Company held in a Sustainable 
Equity portfolio for some or all of 2023, but may no longer be held. This is not a buy, sell or hold recommendation for any particular security. 
To evaluate the outcome of the strategy, see long-term performance. For further information on specific portfolio names, please see the 
Important information.
30
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Company NextEra is the 
market leader 
in owning 
renewable-
generating and 
battery-storage 
capacity in the US.
Nu Bank is a retail 
bank in Brazil, 
Mexico and 
Colombia, where 
many people lack 
access to basic 
financial services.
Info Edge is an 
Indian internet 
classifieds platform 
with a leading 
share of web traffic 
in the recruitment 
and real-estate 
segments.
Intact provides 
property and 
casualty insurance 
in Canada, a 
market where 
climate impacts 
have been 
increasing in 
severity and cost.
Elevance Health is 
one of the largest 
health insurance 
companies in the 
US, serving 47.5 
million members.
Impact KPI 
category
 Decarbonisation Financial inclusion Digital inclusion Climate adaptation 
and water
Healthcare 
impact
Impact 
KPI10
63m tCO2e of 
carbon avoided
5.2 million 
customers with 
personal and 
payroll loans
84,997 entities 
reached
2.98 million climate 
adaptation policies
11.6 million 
patients reached
Structural 
growth 
potential 
linked to 
impact KPI
Carbon avoided 
is a measure 
of emissions 
not put into the 
atmosphere due 
to a company’s 
products or 
services vs. 
the status quo 
product or 
service. Avoiding 
carbon positions 
NextEra to benefit 
from the shift to 
clean energy.
Nu Bank’s 
customer base 
includes a relatively 
large number 
of people with 
lower incomes, 
an underserved 
market for financial 
services in Latin 
America. 
In addition to 
facilitating 
employment and 
broadening digital 
inclusion, we think 
Info Edge is well 
placed to benefit 
from development 
in India generally, 
as well as the shift 
to digital services.
An early mover 
in incorporating 
climate risk into 
its underwriting, 
Intact has been 
able to profitably 
write insurance in 
areas that may be 
at risk from climate 
change.
Elevance’s 
growth potential 
is underpinned 
by the fact that 
it targets an 
underserved 
customer 
base, which 
it addresses 
by making 
healthcare 
more affordable.
10. Impact KPI is the latest available at the time of publication of the relevant Ninety One investment strategy’s 2023 Impact/Sustainability report. 
Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund: 12m to 31 March 2024.
Emerging Markets Sustainable Blended Debt: as at 31 March 2024.
Global Environment, Global Sustainable Equity, Emerging Markets Sustainable Equity, UK Sustainable Equity: as at 31 December 2023.
31
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Here, we provide a snapshot of sustainability statistics reported in some of our 
sustainable investment strategies’ latest impact and sustainability reports.
Sustainability dashboard
Emerging Africa 
Infrastructure Fund
11
new transactions 
signed in reporting 
period. 
committed to 
infrastructure projects.
US$310m
renewable energy 
generation projects>25
In total,
supported 
across
African
countries.9
Emerging Markets 
Sustainable Blended 
Debt
85%
of portfolio 
invested in 
countries with 
positive or neutral ESG scores
44%
exposure to
green social and sustainable 
bonds.
Global Environment
1,575 tCO2e
of carbon avoided per US$1m 
invested. 
118 MWh
renewable energy 
generated per US$1m 
invested. 
Global Sustainable 
Equity
2.9m
climate-adaptation 
insurance policies written 
by portfolio companies.
in revenue generated from 
adaptation products.
US$3.3bn
Emerging Markets 
Sustainable Equity
123m
customers served by 
financial services portfolio 
companies in areas where 
financial inclusion is 
particularly low.
health insurance 
beneficiaries served.
8.8m
UK Sustainable 
Equity
£36bn
of loans made to small 
and mid-sized enterprises 
by portfolio companies.
identities protected.
4.4bn
32
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Over the reporting period, Ninety One met the requirements of new 
sustainability regulations, evolved processes for existing regulations 
and actively contributed to the development of proposed sustainability 
regulations in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. 
Most notably, we successfully implemented reporting in line with the 
UK’s Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) 
product-level disclosures and the European Union’s Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation (“SFDR”) periodic disclosures, providing investors 
with a mechanism to review the ESG performance of our UK and EU 
domiciled fund ranges, respectively.
Sustainability regulation
We are actively involved in the formulation of new regulations 
and enhancements to existing regulations. More recently, this has 
included responding to: 
 ɽ The EU’s SFDR Level 1 & 2 review
 ɽ The EU’s Fund Names Guidelines consultation
 ɽ Hong Kong’s consultation on ‘ESG Rating and Data requirements 
for Asset Managers’ 
 ɽ Singapore’s consultation on ‘Guidelines for Transition planning 
for Asset Managers’
 ɽ The UK’s discussion on finance for positive sustainable change, 
governance, incentives and competence
We are in the process of implementing the UK’s now finalised Sustainable 
Disclosure Requirements (SDR) and labelling regime with accompanying 
anti-greenwashing requirements. As part of this work, we chair 
the Investment Association’s SDR Implementation Forum and have 
representation on the joint industry association responsible for developing 
the consumer facing disclosures required under SDR. 
In addition, we are actively involved in regional industry body committees 
and working groups considering sustainability regulation, both current 
and prospective, ensuring we contribute to the sustainability regulatory 
landscape. Overall, our advocacy and engagements with respect to 
regulation seek to support the development of a regulatory landscape that 
provides comparability and better sustainable outcomes for our investors.
Active ownership
33
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Active ownership is a core component of Ninety One’s investment 
processes. We regard exercising ownership rights, including engagement 
and proxy voting, as a means to enhance the value of our clients’ assets 
and deliver on their expectations. Our Stewardship policy and proxy 
voting guidelines  explain our voting and engagement approach.
Our engagement approach 
Engagement is our preferred means to address issues that can affect the 
value of investments. We define engagements as communications with a clear 
purpose that seek an identified outcome. To identify a need for engagement, 
we assess the materiality of the issue, the potential impact of engagement, and 
its ability to exert influence. We have three engagement categories: 
 ɽ Strategic: A critical opportunity to create or preserve value where we 
believe we can have influence. These engagements are company-wide 
and often longer-term.
 ɽ General: An engagement to ascertain whether a company has 
identified relevant issues and that these are being managed 
appropriately.
 ɽ Advocacy: A firmwide engagement, usually involving collaboration and 
targeting thematic cross-cutting issues. 
Engagement escalation
Engagement is a means of establishing long-term relationships with 
company management and engaging where we believe there is the 
potential to unlock value, whether through avoiding risk or maximising 
opportunities. We seek to identify areas of focus and encourage 
improvements that we believe will be value additive through a theory of 
change. Often, we will engage with companies in areas they are already 
doing well, e.g., culture or carbon avoided, and where we may push for 
further improvements or additional disclosure.
We believe that divestment due to an engagement failing to make progress 
should be a last resort. Engagement can be a long-term process, and a 
company’s willingness to engage and the progress made should be taken 
into consideration, alongside regional and cultural factors. Typically, before 
divesting we would seek to escalate an engagement. This may involve 
collaborating with other shareholders and stakeholders (such as non-
governmental organisations, banks and regulators) or external initiatives, 
voting at shareholder meetings and proposing our own resolutions. 
34
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Forming a governance group
During the last year, Ninety One set up an in-house governance group, 
with members from across our regional Investment teams, and our 
Sustainability and Operations teams. The group is a forum to leverage 
expertise from across the business, share best practice, and ensure 
consistency in implementing our ownership responsibilities. It fulfils several 
functions of relevance to our engagements:
 ɽ Assess Ninety One’s stewardship policies and where necessary 
work to improve existing policies or develop additional guidance.
 ɽ Stay abreast of governance-related developments such as updated 
stewardship codes and new regulation, and determine how this can 
be implemented effectively.
 ɽ Advise on engagement strategy or potentially contentious 
proxy votes.
 ɽ Discuss notable case studies to identify learnings or how to 
replicate successes.
Outcomes from the governance group meetings are reported to, and 
inform the work of, the Sustainability Committee, as relevant.
We may also make public statements in the press, although we 
would not do so until direct engagement with the board and 
management team had failed. If the lack of progress on critical 
issues continues, disposal of an investment may be necessary. 
Please see the case studies on page 43 for an example of 
engagement escalation.
35
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Overview11
Engagement by topic 
Climate change, 26%
Remuneration, 10%
Other, 9%
Cultural work practices, 8%
Board effectiveness, 8%
Reporting and disclosure, 8%
Capital management, 6%
Corporate strategy, 5%
Board diversity, 4%
Diversity and inclusion, 4%
Pollution and waste, 3%
Biodiversity, 3%
Water, 3%
Stakeholder rights, 2%
Health and safety, 2%
Engagement by region
Americas, 33%
Africa, 20%
Asia-Pacific, 19%
UK, 14%
Europe ex-UK, 13%
Middle East, 1%
Strategic engagement by outcome
Ongoing, 95%
Closed - Goal achieved, 3%
Closed - Goal partially achieved, 2%
351
general
engagements 
99
strategic
engagements  
of which 
were climate-related 
engagements 
with top emitters
70
38
advocacy 
engagements12 
(covering 
319 companies)
11. Note that each interaction with a company has been recorded as an engagement. There may be multiple interactions with the same company.
12. Note that a small number of advocacy engagements (Climate Action 100+) are also included under strategic engagements.
13. Other includes: ethical behaviour, supply chain, customer welfare, just transition, privacy & data security, policy – fiscal, policy –    
 environmental, UNGC breach – social, advocacy & lobbying, policy – social and UNGC breach – environmental.
Figures may not add up to 100% due to rounding.
36
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
The following case studies highlight some of our 
engagements during the reporting period. We 
adapt our engagement approach according to 
regional differences in governance and culture. 
Two of the most significant engagements in the 
year were with Sasol and Eskom; for details on the 
former, to which we have exposure via both 
equity and fixed income, please see the ‘Proxy 
voting’ section. 
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
37
Case study:
Eskom: supporting South Africa’s 
energy transition
Objective Eskom has been one of the highest-emitting companies in our corporate 
portfolio since the inception of our net-zero strategy, producing 85% of its 
electricity by coal-fired power generation. The company is South Africa’s sole 
energy utility, and therefore a keystone in the South African economy – hence 
why this engagement is as much ‘social’ as ‘environmental’. During the reporting 
year, our Eskom engagement priorities continued to be informed by our 
Transition Plan Assessment. They are: solvency first, without which the company 
cannot deliver a transition; stronger governance and transparent leadership; 
and publishing and implementing a credible transition plan that tackles energy 
availability, carbon emissions and justice for communities and workers.
Outcome
 
From our direct engagements, we have had positive responses from the 
company, specifically on the state of transmission unbundling and the 
bottleneck of grid connectivity hampering the ability of renewable power to 
access the grid, as well as plans to manage and eventually overcome load 
shedding. Looking forward, we will continue to take an ‘all of landscape’ 
engagement approach. As well as direct engagements, we will engage 
collaboratively via our co-leadership role with AB on the Climate Action 100+ 
engagement. Through this channel, we have interacted with the company on 
behalf of several bondholders, and acted as a conduit for other investors who 
do not have direct access. This is further supported by our policy and advocacy 
work with various entities involved in supporting South Africa’s energy 
transition, which includes:
 ɽ Informing policy via discussions with relevant South African entities, 
including National Treasury, the Ministry of Electricity and the Presidential 
Climate Commission 
 ɽ Contributing to research on South Africa’s Just Transition plan via 
consultation with the London School of Economics Just Transition 
Finance Lab
 ɽ Supporting local private sector initiatives, such as the National Business 
Initiative, that are driving the development of finance and policy 
roadmaps 
 ɽ Bringing South Africa’s case to global climate finance discussions via our 
involvement in COP28 and other climate forums 
 ɽ Informing foreign policy and finance discussions via engagement with 
the UK’s Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office 
Environmental 
Fixed Income
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
38
Case study:
Vale: engaging our top emitters
Objective Driving down carbon emissions in the iron-ore industry is complex as most 
emissions are Scope 3, produced when the iron ore is turned into iron and 
then steel. However, it is both possible and critical to do so. Our 4Factor team 
engaged with Vale, the world’s largest producer of iron ore and nickel, on 
key areas for development identified in the company’s transition plan. These 
included: 1) publishing a clear governance plan for ESG and transition, tied 
to KPIs; 2) developing realistic Scope 3 targets, approved by SBTi; and 3) 
continued improvement on disclosure and actions taken to improve waste in 
the value chain.
Outcome
 
Vale has committed to net-zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050. It is making 
progress with electrification via its PowerShift programme, which aims to replace 
fossil fuels with clean sources in its operations. The company is trialling a 100% 
electric truck in its mines, as well as using battery-powered locomotives and 
electrical equipment in underground mines in Canada. 
It has not yet set equivalently ambitious timelines and targets for Scope 3 – which 
account for 98% of Vale’s emissions and are a huge challenge – as it wants to be 
confident it can deliver on them. Currently, Vale is seeking to reduce Scope 3 by 
15% by 2035. During our engagement, the company highlighted the approaches 
it is taking to achieve this:
 ɽ Vale aims to shift its product portfolio towards higher quality iron ore. 
Its ‘green briquettes’ can reduce its steelmaking customers’ production-
process emissions by 10%.
 ɽ  The company will report on how many of its customers have emissions 
reduction targets and has engaged with 50% of them on this issue. 
 ɽ  It currently has two eco-shipping pilot programmes.
While US$4-6 billion of capital expenditure has been allocated to addressing 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions, there is still too much uncertainty to set a budget 
for Scope 3. 
Positively, we note Vale’s focus on the justice element of transition. The impacts 
of the company on livelihoods, communities and wellbeing are key considerations 
for Vale’s sustainability team. While there is no formal policy on just transition, 
we are pleased to see the social aspect embedded in the way Vale views 
sustainability – a substantial change following the devastating dam collapse 
in 2019. 
Equities
Environmental 
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
39
Case study:
Verisign: challenging on diversity, equity 
and inclusion policies and progress
Objective The Ninety One Quality philosophy means the investment team has a natural 
bias towards businesses that rely on intangible competitive advantages 
such as technological expertise or brands. The attraction and retention of 
talent is often a key risk and opportunity for such companies, and therefore 
the way that companies manage diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) is 
highly relevant to these human capital-reliant businesses. Applying our 
DEI analytical toolkit, the Quality team’s research flagged Verisign, which 
provides domain-name registry and other internet-related services, as an 
engagement priority, as it lags peers in several respects, including on DEI 
disclosures.
Outcome
 
The company’s response to the engagement was positive, and a one-to-
one meeting gave the investment team comfort on Verisign’s direction 
of travel. Under the leadership of a recently appointed DEI director, 
Verisign is now discussing improving disclosure, and whether to introduce 
representation targets and/or a DEI component to remuneration. We will 
monitor developments and engage as necessary to support Verisign on 
this journey. 
Social
Equities
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
40
Case study:
Transnet: addressing issues impacting 
South African infrastructure
Objective Transnet owns South Africa’s railway, ports and pipelines infrastructure 
and is the largest and most crucial part of the country’s freight logistics 
chain. We have been engaging with company management to discuss 
management effectiveness and board composition.
We initially set out our concerns to management in writing, highlighting 
that investor confidence is already weak on the back of the company’s 
poor operational performance. This has led to cash interest covenants 
being breached, which raises significant concern over the company’s 
ability to access debt capital markets at a time when Transnet has large, 
imminent refinancing needs. As one of the largest debt investors in the 
domestic market, we are also concerned about the multiplier effect on 
the economy if a solution for the rail network is not reached quickly. An 
apparent lack of the necessary operational and financial skills in the 
leadership team, with vacant board seats and a lack of appropriate skills on 
the board, increased the lack of confidence in the company. We urged the 
board to demonstrate to the debt capital markets that there is a credible 
turnaround plan. Our concern was that if Transnet does not present 
a credible action plan soon, local investors will step away, which will 
significantly exacerbate the problems faced by Transnet’s balance sheet. 
This communication was followed up by an in-person meeting with the 
executive team. Management indicated that the board was in discussion 
with the Department of Public Enterprises (Transnet is 100% owned 
by the South African government) and was anticipating an imminent 
announcement on filling the vacant seats as well as bringing the right 
skills onboard.
Outcome The board seats have now been filled and we have since seen an 
appreciable turnaround in operational performance and management 
focus. Additionally, the National Treasury has been working with the 
National Logistics Crisis Committee to put in place a government 
guarantee facility to assist in the acute liquidity requirements.
Governance
Fixed Income
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
41
Alternatives Case study:
P3 Group
Objective There have been many instances of poor corporate governance in 
Europe’s real estate sector in recent years. Since the end of ultra-low 
interest rates and as financing conditions have tightened, evidence 
of improper dealmaking, aggressive accounting practices, complex 
and obscure capital structures, and a need for more consistent 
reporting criteria have come to light. P3 Group, an industrial-focused 
Real Estate owner and developer in Europe, is currently executing an 
acquisition-led growth strategy, which exacerbates the governance-
related risks the sector is prone to. We engaged with the management 
team of P3 to gain a deeper understanding of the group’s corporate 
governance policies, board and capital structure. We aimed to get a 
sense of management’s risk tolerance and understand the policies and 
structures in place to keep this in check.
Outcome
 
Our engagement helped us to conclude that the conservative nature 
of P3’s funding, and the scale of its investments and growth targets, 
alongside its solid corporate governance foundations, help mitigate 
some of the inherent risks of an acquisition-led growth strategy in 
real estate. Although P3 is privately owned, which can decrease 
the standard of corporate governance, GIC (Sovereign Wealth 
Fund of Singapore) is the main shareholder and is in the process of 
building the business in a more conservative manner than sponsor-
owned peers. Reassuring attributes include that P3 has replicated 
a public governance board structure, with a two-tiered board. Half 
of the advisory board is independent, and the chairs of the audit 
and remuneration committees are also independent. In addition, the 
company has decreased the complexity of the capital structure over 
the last two years. 
Governance
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
42
We may collaborate with other investors as part of an engagement strategy 
if it can contribute to achieving our engagement objectives.
Case study:
Climate Action 100+ (“CA100+”)
Over the year we continued as the co-lead engagers for Eskom and Sasol through CA100+, 
and as a working group participant for ExxonMobil. We also became co-leads on the 
engagements for Glencore and Pemex. 
CA100+ 
company
Role Co-lead Co-lead Co-lead Participant Co-lead
Engagement 
objectives
Corporate 
solvency plan 
prioritised and 
published.
Short-term 
emissions 
reduction plan 
for temporary 
generation 
measures.
Working with 
engaged 
stakeholder just 
transition plan.
Motivate company 
to publish realistic, 
transparent 
plan for gas and 
adjust targets 
accordingly, 
including strategy 
to achieve short 
– to medium-term 
target.
Monitor 
affordability of 
transition strategy.
Seek a clearly 
articulated just 
transition strategy.
Seek Scope 
3 emissions 
disclosure with 
reporting to CDP .
Seek transparency 
around plans for 
governance and 
conditionality of 
coal spin-off.
Increase the 
transparency 
and detail of the 
‘Advancing Climate 
Solutions’ plan 
issued in 2022.
Understand 
the new Low 
Carbon Solutions 
business, including 
governance, 
financing and 
viability.
Continue to 
monitor carbon 
capture, utilisation 
and storage 
ambitions and 
abatement 
potential.
Advance on 
zero-methane 
flaring by 2030.
Develop detailed 
and realistic 
plan to achieve 
Scope 1 and 2 
net-zero targets.
Seek more 
transparent and 
measurable 
governance of 
climate plan.
Collaborative
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
43
Case study:
CDP non-disclosure and science-based 
target campaign
Since 2020 we have been active supporters of CDP’s Non-Disclosure Campaign 
and believe that better carbon reporting is critical to achieving global climate 
targets. Since 2022, there has been a 20% increase in disclosure on climate 
change, water and forests, with 317 new companies disclosing after engagement 
by the 288 financial institutions that support the campaign.
Ninety One led on 22 company engagements, of which 13 focused on climate. Of 
the companies that have disclosed to CDP since engagement, Tiger Brands stands 
out. We have led on the engagement with the South African food and beverage 
company since 2021 and were pleased to see it take an important step forward on 
climate change disclosure. We will continue contributing to this campaign in 2024.
Case study:
Vitesco Technologies: challenging on offer price
Objective Ninety One’s Value team engaged with the board of vehicle component 
manufacturer Vitesco Technologies after majority owner Schaeffler made a 
tender offer for the company in October 2023. We were concerned that the 
offer price significantly undervalued Vitesco and initially spoke to the company to 
express our view that this offer was too low. However, as minority shareholders, 
we were worried that we would be disadvantaged and took the decision to write 
a public letter to escalate the engagement, with the aim of clearly highlighting our 
concerns, both to the company and to the acquirer Schaeffler. 
Outcome
 
At the end of November 2023, Schaeffler increased its tender offer by €3 to 
€94 per share. This new price was still below our assessment of fair value, but 
the high percentage ownership by the Schaeffler group meant that it likely would 
have been able to complete the purchase with or without management support. 
While the management team did push back against the price, it went ahead with 
the merger to be able to preserve Vitesco’s electrification capabilities within an 
enlarged Schaeffler, which would not have happened following a more hostile 
response. 
Collaborative
Engagement escalation
Equities
44
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Our proxy 
voting approach
We regard proxy voting as a means to bring about change, as well 
as being a fundamental right of shareholders. Ninety One votes at 
shareholder meetings throughout the world as a matter of policy and 
principle. We aim to cast a vote on all items put to a shareholder vote 
where legally and practically possible.
We use an external proxy-research and vote-execution service provided 
by Institutional Shareholder Services (“ISS”). ISS delivers its benchmark 
research and Ninety One’s custom policy research based on our internal 
voting policy. While proxy advisors provide input, we retain ultimate 
discretion on how we vote. Our ‘North Star’ remains creating long-term 
shareholder value (see Appendix 2). 
95%
of meetings voted at
1,068
meetings voted at
55
countries
15,006
votes
Source: Ninety One, ISS ProxyExchange. Data is for the 12 months to end-March 2024.
Overview
45
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Votes cast on a per-meeting basis
Meetings voted at per country (top 10)
163United
Kingdom
148
China
144South
Africa
122
US 
43
India
37Japan
48Cayman
Islands
23Netherlands
22Australia
26Brazil
Dissenting votes cast by category
Source: Ninety One. Data for period 1 April 2023 to 31 March 2024.
Figures may not add to 100% due to rounding.
Votes cast on a per-resolution basis
For, 90.3%
Against, 7.9%
Abstain, 1.5%
Withhold, 0.2%
Meetings with all votes 
For, 56.2%
Meetings with at least 1 vote 
Against, Withhold or 
Abstain, 43.8%
Director related, 45.2%
Remuneration, 19.6%
Shareholder proposal, 11.6%
Capitalisation, 11.1%
Routine business, 9.7%
Reorganisation and mergers , 2.8%
Anti-takeover related, 0.1%
46
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Shareholder proposals
Shareholder proposals enable shareholders to recommend or 
require that a company and/or its board of directors take a specific 
action. They are key shareholder rights globally, though submission 
requirements vary based on countries’ legal frameworks. 
There has been an increase in the number of shareholder resolutions 
appearing on meeting agendas in recent years that focus on very 
specific issues. As the requirements of these resolutions vary 
significantly, Ninety One reviews votes on a case-by-case basis, after 
considering the materiality of the issue, whether the requirements are 
clear and reasonable, and whether the company is actively making 
progress or has made a commitment to address the issue. In addition, 
we have been reviewing share actions to identify common themes 
that are emerging, and developing our internal guidance to establish 
a clear and consistent approach to them.
Over the reporting period, we voted on 365 shareholder proposals. 
We supported a significant number of them (49%) because they 
sought to improve ESG practices, were targeted and focused, and 
were neither too prescriptive nor too vague in their requests.
As an active investor, Ninety One prioritises direct dialogue with 
company boards and management teams to achieve our desired 
outcomes. Shareholder proposals are one of the mechanisms 
available to influence companies. We assess each shareholder 
proposal individually, taking into account the outcomes of our 
own engagement, the relevance of the proposal to our strategic 
objectives, and progress being made by companies on these issues. 
The proportion of votes we support in any given year reflects the 
topic, relevance and quality of the proposals.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
47
Case study:
Sasol: voting against the climate 
change report
Sasol is one of the highest-emitting companies in our corporate 
portfolio and we have been engaging with the company to better 
understand and monitor progress on its transition plan. We are also 
the co-lead on the Climate Action 100+ collaborative engagement.
Following regular meetings with the company over many years, 
we met with Sasol at the end of 2023 to discuss progress on its 
climate strategy to inform our voting ahead of the shareholder 
annual general meeting (“AGM”). Overall, we are comfortable with 
the ambition of its 2030 emissions reduction targets and note some 
positive progress in the implementation of the strategy with respect 
to renewables procurement and boiler turndown solutions. However, 
we are concerned about Sasol’s ability to replace coal feedstock 
in its production process with cleaner alternatives by 2030. Our 
primary concern is that the affordability of its climate strategy could 
result in a decision to delay coal reduction and therefore that the 
probability of reaching its targets declined over the reporting year.
Following the meeting, we decided to vote against the Climate 
Change Report at the AGM. It should be noted that this is not a 
wholesale rejection of Sasol’s climate strategy, and we remain 
confident in management’s commitment to developing and 
implementing a plausible transition strategy. We also followed up 
this vote with a letter to the chair clarifying our position. We will 
continue to engage with the board to support this.
Proxy voting
Fixed Income
Equities
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
48
Case study:
ExxonMobil: voting against management 
recommendation on four resolutions 
This engagement was led by our Thematic Equity and 4Factor teams. At the 
ExxonMobil AGM in May 2023, 12 shareholder resolutions were proposed, 
nine of which were on environmental issues, two on governance issues 
and one on social issues. We considered all of these on an individual basis, 
and voted in favour of four of these resolutions, against management’s 
recommendation: 1) improved methane emission disclosure; 2) disclosure 
on carbon capture and storage projects; 3) adoption of a medium-term 
Scope 3 greenhouse gas reduction target; and 4) more granular disclosure 
on emissions by asset, taking into account the impact of divestment. We 
chose not to support the additional eight resolutions because we believed 
that these items were either already being addressed or did not reflect 
priority concerns. 
Although none of the supported resolutions were passed by a majority 
of shareholders, a significant proportion voted in favour (the highest 
being 36% in favour of the methane-related resolution). ExxonMobil is 
a signatory to the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative’s (“OCGI’s”) Aiming for  
Zero Methane Emissions Initiative and, along with 11 other signatories, 
will strive to reach near-zero methane emissions from operated oil and 
gas assets by 2030. We will continue to engage with the company on 
this and the other issues highlighted, and use our voting power to lend 
weight to the discussions where progress is not made and to hold the 
company to account if their commitments are not met.
Please refer to Appendix 3  for a summary of our most significant votes 
over the period, including rationales for our voting decision, as per 
the Shareholder Rights Directive II (“SRDII”) requirements. Ninety One 
describes these as votes where there is a significant holding (>5% of the 
shares or >5% of a fund) and is a dissenting vote against management, 
or those where there is a significant qualitative factor in that the vote 
relates to: an ESG issue, a shareholder resolution with a dissenting vote 
against management, or a significant corporate transaction.
Equities
Proxy voting
49
Sustainability and Stewardship Report49
5
Through advocacy, we seek to 
engage our clients and stakeholders 
on sustainability. Our advocacy work 
is monitored and guided by the 
Sustainability Committee.
50
Sustainability and Stewardship Report50
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Our approach to advocate
Through advocacy, we seek to engage our clients and stakeholders on 
sustainability to help develop the ecosystem for sustainable long-term investing. 
This takes many forms, including contribution to industry collaboration, policy 
advocacy and thought leadership. Where appropriate, we seek to influence 
policy, regulation and laws, aiming to facilitate efficient capital markets, a real-
economy net-zero transition, and favourable environments for shareholder rights 
and interests. 
Over the reporting period, we focused on the need to ensure that emerging 
markets receive the funding required to transition.
Case study: spotlight on South Africa’s 
Just Energy Transition
As a global firm with our roots in South Africa, a just transition is core to our values. 
While we advocate for the transition to a lower-carbon global energy system, we 
believe that cannot come at the expense of people, especially those who are already 
disproportionately affected by the impacts of a warmer world. As we continue to 
advocate for South Africa to transition its coal-powered energy utility, we are also 
conscious of the impact of this on both workers and communities. In the case of 
South Africa, that is mainly the coalminers and utility workers in a concentrated area 
in Mpumalanga. An engagement approach that recognises this complexity is required. 
We have advocated for just transition principles at three levels: (1) directly with the 
local coal-power utility through the implementation of its transition plan; (2) local 
industry engagement across the coal and energy value chain to support the utility; 
and (3) with both local and global thought-leaders, policymakers and financiers to 
inform just transition financing plans, policies and advocacy activity. We believe that a 
coordinated, ‘all-of-system’ advocacy approach is necessary to achieve a measured 
and high-impact Just Transition solution in South Africa.
A holistic approach to engaging for a Just Transition in South Africa.
Policy and finance
The value chain
The company

Sustainability and Stewardship Report
51
Industry collaboration
Ninety One participates in organisations and initiatives whose 
purpose and advocacy goals are aligned with those of our investment 
teams and clients. Please refer to the appendix for a full list of the 
organisations we partner with.
Launch of the Global Climate Finance Centre
We were invited by the COP28 President-Designate to support the formation 
of the Global Climate Finance Centre , an independent, private sector-focused 
think-tank providing practical support to catalyse low-carbon, high-growth 
investments. 
The centre will focus on three areas:
 ɽ Research, policy and innovation of sustainable finance frameworks.
 ɽ Stakeholder engagement and partnerships for sustainable and 
climate finance.
 ɽ Education, via the development of a Climate Finance Academy.
During the reporting period, we met with the centre’s secretariat to help 
shape and determine the scope of work, outcomes, governance model and 
operationalisation of the centre.
GCFC co-founders at the opening ceremony: Mark Carney (Co-Chair, GFANZ),  
Noel Quinn (CEO, HSBC), Larry Fink (Chair and CEO, BlackRock), Mercedes Vela Monserrate 
(CEO, GCFC), His Excellency Ahmed Jasim Al Zaabi (Chairman of Abu Dhabi Global Market), 
Ajay Banga (President, World Bank), Kate Hampton (CEO, Children’s Investment Fund 
Foundation), Hendrik du Toit (CEO, Ninety One).
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
52
Member 
organisation Sustainability theme Activity Outcomes
Glasgow 
Financial Alliance 
for Net Zero
Climate change and 
capital mobilisation for 
emerging markets
Working group member: 
Mainstreaming Transition 
Finance, Energy Transition, 
Mobilizing Capital for EM Africa 
Board Advisory member
Published Technical Review Note 
on Scaling Transition Finance and 
Real-economy Decarbonization, a 
Supplement to the 2022 Net-Zero 
Transition Plan Report.
Published voluntary guidance to 
support financial institutions, coal-
power operators and governments to 
put in place plans for coal phaseout 
that supports a just transition. The 
managed phase-out of coal power 
represents one of the highest impact 
ways to bring down emissions.
Transition finance Member of Asset Owner, Asset 
Manager Taskforce and Transition 
Finance working group
Published updated Transition Finance 
framework in collaboration with CBI, 
Climate Arc, IIGCC and others.
Climate change, 
diversity, equity and 
inclusion, private 
capital mobilisation for 
emerging markets
Member of Climate Change, DEI 
and PCM working groups
Published white papers on member 
approaches to Net Zero and 
Transition Finance integration. 
Strategic partnership with USTDA to 
help mobilise climate finance. 
National 
business
initiative
Climate change and 
just transition
Sponsored South Africa pavilion 
at COP28
Contributed to the South African 
agenda at COP28, where over 50 
panel discussions were hosted 
on topics that covered the Just 
Energy Transition, from financing to 
implementation and beyond.
Institutional 
Investors Group on 
Climate Change
Climate change and 
capital mobilisation for 
emerging markets
Participant in engagements 
and providing information for 
working group papers. Co-
chair of the Investor Practices 
programme and participate 
in the net zero implementation, 
sovereign bond and corporate 
bond stewardship working 
groups.
Establishment of a workstream 
focused on emerging markets, and 
updates to the Net Zero Investment 
Framework and target setting 
guidance relevant to supporting real 
economy outcomes and integrating 
sovereign bonds into target setting.
World Bank Private 
Sector Innovation 
Lab
Improve funding to 
emerging market 
projects, particularly 
around the energy 
transition
Active lab member, including 
involvement in the mobilising 
capital and capital markets 
workstreams
Provided input on the World Bank’s 
recently launched guarantee 
platform.
Other initiatives

Sustainability and Stewardship Report
53
Assessing Sovereign Climate-related 
Opportunities and Risks (ASCOR) 
project: first assessment results
ASCOR is an investor-led project to develop a free, publicly available, 
independent tool that assesses countries on climate change. 
The ASCOR framework comprises indicators for the transparent 
assessment of countries’ progress in managing the low-carbon 
transition and the impacts of climate change. ASCOR aims to inform, 
support and facilitate investors’ decision-making on sovereign bonds 
and enable more explicit consideration of climate change.
Released in December 2023, the ASCOR tool gives investors 
a common understanding of sovereign exposure to climate risk. 
Ninety One was closely involved in the development of this tool, 
and strongly advocated for the need for a fair assessment of 
transition, particularly for emerging markets, which includes the 
consideration of common but differentiated responsibilities and 
a just transition. The first ASCOR assessment results have been 
published  on countries’ progress on managing climate change. 
There is a growing emissions gap due to a lack of 
ambition in countries’ targets and trends. Nearly all 
assessed countries have set an emissions reduction 
target, but very few align with a pathway that limits 
the global temperature rise to 1.5°C.
There is an implementation gap with insufficient 
policies, particularly at the sector level, to meet 
emissions reduction targets. Weak or non-existent 
commitments to phase out fossil fuels, both subsidies 
and production, jeopardise a net-zero future.
There is an international climate finance gap. Although 
the US$100 billion commitment 14 may finally have 
been met, most assessed high-income countries 
need to increase their share of contributions to 
international climate finance. Better disclosure of 
developing countries’ climate finance needs could 
help facilitate financial flows.
Key findings:
14. At COP15 in 2009, developed economies committed to mobilising US$100 billion per year (initially by 2020) for climate action in    
 emerging economies.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
54
Policy advocacy
As investors, we have a role to play in advocating for changes in policy 
and regulation, and in helping enable sustainable development.
Presidential Climate Commission: Just 
Transition Financing Mechanism engagement 
and consultation
In 2021, the South African government announced the Just Energy Transition 
Partnership at COP26 – a deal made by various governments to commit 
capital to financing the country’s move away from coal power. In 2022, an 
Investment and Implementation plan was developed by the Presidential Climate 
Commission (“PCC”) as a blueprint for how South Africa would approach 
the core components of this economy-wide transition, with a key focus on 
its financing. Ninety One supported the PCC through active stakeholder 
engagement as a key private sector player and investor in the broader economy. 
In 2023, the Just Transition Financing mechanism consultation was launched, 
which we participated in both in public forums and bilaterally. 
UK Transition Plan Taskforce: focus on 
metals and mining workshop
In 2022, the UK Transition Plan Taskforce (“TPT”) conducted an industry 
consultation, which we contributed to, to develop a sector-neutral Disclosure 
Framework. The framework sets out good practice for robust and credible 
transition plan disclosure. This is supported by the TPT’s Interpretative 
Guidance, which assists in the preparation of credible, useful and consistent 
transition plans in line with the TPT Disclosure Framework. In 2023, TPT 
developed sector-specific guidance for a small number of sectors, including 
metals and mining and financial institutions. We contributed to consultation 
on the financial institution guidance and actively participated in the metals 
and mining working group. The draft guidance was published in September.
Challenging on policy back-tracking
We advocate for policies that support a conducive environment for the 
transition to net zero. In September 2023, we joined with other investors 
to support a letter from the IIGCC, UK Sustainable Investment and Finance 
Association (“UKSIF”) and the PRI to the UK Prime Minister to express concerns 
regarding backtracking on key policies, including the decision to delay phase-
outs of new internal-combustion-engine car sales and gas boilers, and back-
tracking on energy-efficiency targets. The letter reiterated the importance of 
an enabling policy environment as a prerequisite for investors looking to make 
long-term investment and asset-allocation decisions to support the transition 
to net zero in the UK.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
55
Thought leadership 
Ninety One’s Investment Institute delivers strategic investing insights 
and analysis to our investment teams and clients across asset classes, 
investment strategies and borders. The Institute seeks to play an active role 
in the global conversation on sustainable investing. 
Case study:
Planetary Pulse summary and findings
Ninety One’s annual Planetary Pulse research project 
investigates how asset owners are approaching the investment 
risks and opportunities presented by climate change. 
Conducted independently by FT Longitude, the research in 
2023 was based on a survey of 300 senior professionals at 
asset owners and advisors around the world, including pension 
funds, insurers, endowments, foundations, central banks, 
sovereign wealth funds and consultants. 
November 2023
Planetary Pulse
Targeting 
effectiveness
Asset owners weigh risks and 
opportunities of investing for 
an inclusive energy transition
Almost half of asset owners (48%) have between one-
quarter and half of their assets under management 
(“AUM”) invested in portfolios with climate-related 
instructions or objectives, up from 40% in 2022. This 
rises to 75% for endowment funds, which typically 
invest for designated purposes.
A significant number of respondents say their 
infrastructure (45%), private equity (50%), private debt 
(44%), corporate debt (41%) and listed equities (36%) 
asset classes are within the scope of their climate-related 
objectives. Sovereign debt is the only asset class that 
falls below this, at 17%.
Nearly half (49%) of asset owners have an emissions-
reduction target in place for their fund, while 43% – rising 
to 54% in Asia-Pacific (APAC) – use Climate Value-at-Risk 
(VaR). In North America, the second-most-used target 
type is portfolio coverage/asset-level alignment (40%) 
and, in Europe, it is implied temperature rise (44%). Nearly 
two-thirds of asset owners (61%, rising to 67% in North 
America) use the same climate-related target type for all 
asset classes and funds.
Highlights from the 2023 survey:
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
56
Case study:
Net-zero investing: searching for returns and real-world change
Using practical examples, this paper , which was published 
just after the reporting period ended, sets out how we can 
evolve the approach to net-zero investing to achieve the dual 
objectives of delivering decarbonisation in the real economy 
while optimising returns for clients and beneficiaries. This 
involves shifting investors’ focus from reducing financed 
emissions to financing reduced emissions.
The paper looks at each part of a practical portfolio example 
including potential allocations to climate solutions and transition 
investing as well as existing allocations across equities, fixed 
income and private markets. For each allocation described 
we identify the appropriate metrics and targets that will help 
measure and incentivise real-world change.
Searching for returns  
and real-world change
April 2024
Net-zero 
investing  
Investment Institute
Case study:
Sustainability with substance
Our ‘Sustainability with substance ’ series of video 
interviews explored a diverse range of topical sustainable 
investment issues throughout the year. We hosted 
discussions on the investment opportunities in companies 
addressing the challenge of digital inclusion; sources 
of alpha that may be accessed via impact investment; 
how to leverage research into culture and inclusion into 
better investment decisions; and the current sustainable 
investment landscape in China and South Korea.
Watch now
Sustainability with Substance
Decarbonisation 
and decentralised 
culture
Ninety One’s investment teams provide insights into a broad range 
of sustainability topics throughout the year. Please see the Insights 
section of our website at https:/ /ninetyone.com/en/insights.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
57
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
57
At Ninety One, we try to inhabit 
our own ecosystem in a manner 
that ensures a sustainable future 
for all. This includes the way we 
look after our people and the way 
we govern our firm.
6
Inhabit
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
We believe that change starts at home. We run our 
business responsibly and act sustainably. As a long-term 
investor on behalf of our clients, we are also aware of our 
broader responsibility to society. Our Corporate Social 
Investment strategy is pragmatically arranged under three 
strategic pillars: conservation, education and community 
development. 
Transitioning our operations 
to net zero
Our targets
By 2030, reduce absolute
Scope 1 and 2 emissions by
Our approach
— Reduce overall energy 
consumption
— Search for credible 
renewable energy sources
— Specific focus on 
efficiency across offices
— Carbon neutral Scope 1, 2 
and 3 (Category 6)
Our progress
5858
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
46%
3,773
2,742 2,812 
2,416 2,507 
2019 FY 2023 FY 2024
Location based CO₂e emissions Market based CO₂e emissions
Source: Ninety One.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
59
Our people and culture
Our culture and values
Our culture reflects who we are as people. It is our shared norms 
and values that make us. We believe the strength of our culture is a 
competitive advantage. We articulate our culture through our guiding 
value to ‘do the right thing’ and our philosophy for success is based on 
the concept of ‘freedom to create’. We assess the success of our people 
through their ability to deliver results and the quality of their relationships, 
both internally and externally. 
Doing the right thing is not just a phrase. It is deeply embedded in how 
we do business, service our clients and maintain our unique culture. A 
reflection of this is that, instead of having a Global Code of Ethics, we ask 
each member of staff to attest to our ‘do the right thing’ attestation as 
part of their annual declarations.
Employee engagement 
Our leadership team, along with our Human Capital team, evaluates and 
assesses our culture and employee engagement through comprehensive 
methods such as team development sessions, one-to-one coaching, and 
firmwide offsites.
Colin Keogh continued as our Non-Executive Director responsible for 
workforce engagement and led two successful engagement forums 
(one in the UK and one in South Africa). The topics of discussion included 
diversity and inclusion, company strategy, and the current economic 
environment. Feedback affirmed that our people feel valued and 
supported.
We are a people-centric business and recognise our employees as the 
stewards of our strategy. In nurturing talent and committing to an owner 
culture, we ensure we continue to deliver outstanding service and value 
for our clients and shareholders.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
60
Talent development 
Overall headcount decreased by 2% over the financial year. 
We continued to develop the leadership cadre and talent pools across 
the business. The concept of talent density and the importance of 
building a truly intergenerational firm are uppermost in our minds and 
this continued over the financial year at all levels of the organisation.
Our people perform best when they are liberated to pursue their passions 
and interests. We strive to give people the freedom to express their strengths, 
skills and talents. We understand that the growth and development of our 
people is key to building a long-term sustainable business and we encourage 
intellectual curiosity, ambition, and personal and professional development. 
Ultimately, we want our people to be the best version of themselves. 
The freedom to create culture forms the cornerstone of our approach to 
professional development. We expect our people to drive their individual 
development within the parameters of our organisational objectives.
We steadfastly believe in giving individuals the freedom to be themselves 
and we are committed to maximising the potential of our people through 
professional skills development. All our permanent employees are eligible 
for assistance in their learning and development. Employees can attain a 
range of professional qualifications, such as the Chartered Financial Analyst 
or Investment Management Certificate, as well as other professional role-
related qualifications. We also encourage those studying to take study leave.
Leadership development 
Leadership development is key to the long-term success of our business. 
We believe that leadership takes place within the context of our unique 
culture, and therefore leading at Ninety One is always focused on both 
results and relationships. Our Leadership Development programme is 
structured over three areas:
Leading Self
Encourages leaders to learn more about 
leadership, their impact on others and how 
to continue developing themselves.
Leading Others
Invites leaders to explore the concepts 
that allow teams and individuals to perform.
Leading the Organisation (bespoke)
Focuses on coaching functional leadership teams 
in the business to strengthen the dynamics within 
their units and work on solving tangible problems 
they face on a day-to-day basis.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
61
In addition, our philosophy of learning is that on-the-job experience, 
combined with development feedback loops, allows our leaders to 
grow into their roles. We believe that learning by doing is the primary 
way to develop. Our Human Capital team also provides structured 
support coaching and facilitation at offsites.
Regulatory training
At Ninety One, all employees are required to take part in our compliance 
training programmes, which are held and updated annually. In addition to this, 
continuing education comprises a wide range of activities including courses 
run by regulatory bodies and specialist providers. We host technical updates 
from external law firms and trade bodies, along with technical reading and 
research on regulatory consultation papers, legislation, guidance and rules.
The compliance team runs ad-hoc sessions on topical matters and projects 
as they arise. Any procedural changes due to regulatory changes are 
implemented by the compliance team as part of the monitoring programme.
Rewarding our people 
We consider remuneration to be an important part of our employee value 
proposition. It has been designed to attract, retain, and motivate our people.  
It also reinforces the behaviours needed to support our culture and values. 
Integral to the determination of remuneration levels is the commitment to 
our culture in the pursuit of excellence for our clients within an effective risk 
management environment. 
Our remuneration policies, plans and practices are clear and transparent and 
include a combination of salary, annual performance bonus, employer pension 
contributions and a range of non-cash benefits. 
As part of our commitment to building a long-term, sustainable business and 
supporting our owner-culture, we promote staff ownership, which leads to closer 
alignment with our shareholders’ and clients’ interests.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
62
Wellbeing 
Our culture promotes and encourages openness around health and mental 
wellbeing. Our offering in the past year included:
 ɽ A global wellbeing offering for all employees that provides support for 
different life events including parenting advice, support for pregnancy 
loss, help and support for those going through menopause, and advice 
related to a range of financial topics.
 ɽ A full calendar of speaker events.
 ɽ Flu vaccine.
Mental wellbeing 
We believe our people should nurture their mental health in 
the same way they do their physical wellbeing. We promote 
mental wellbeing through awareness campaigns, workshops 
and our comprehensive benefits scheme, which includes a 
free annual subscription to a mindfulness application. All our 
people can access our employee assistance programmes 
and engage with our in-house clinical psychologist.
Financial wellbeing 
We want to equip our employees with the knowledge 
to retire with dignity. We work with external partners to 
educate our people on a range of financial wellbeing topics 
throughout the year. We also support our staff and their 
families to invest in Ninety One funds.
Physical wellbeing 
We encourage our people to stay healthy by emphasising 
the importance of exercise and nutrition through 
educational workshops. Our Ninety One Active team has 
built a community around physical wellbeing and organises 
events, promotes local initiatives and facilitates the creation 
of local sports teams.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
63
In addition to our wellbeing programmes, we have a range of firm-
wide policies in place to ensure that our employees work in a safe 
and healthy working environment. These include:
Global Health and Safety Policy
We provide and maintain a safe working 
environment across all our offices to promote 
welfare and mental wellbeing.
Whistleblowing Policy
We have robust independent processes in 
place to hear and investigate any concern 
raised by an employee, and to escalate as 
necessary. This includes an independent third-
party hotline for employees who wish to raise 
issues anonymously.
Equality Policy
The Equality Policy codifies Ninety One’s zero 
tolerance approach to unlawful discrimination, 
harassment, less favourable treatment or 
victimisation of any employee, job applicant, client 
or service provider and sets out the procedure for 
formally and informally raising issues.
Diversity and belonging 
True to our heritage, Ninety One is committed to creating an environment rich 
in diversity; where our demographics increasingly reflect society and our client 
base; where all people feel welcome and respected; and where everyone has a 
fair opportunity to develop and contribute. 
In order to achieve change that is meaningful and sustainable, we do not 
approach diversity in isolation but rather within the context of our culture.  
As noted above, our core cultural tenants of ‘do the right thing’ and ‘freedom 
to create’ are our source of differentiation and competitive advantage. 
Fundamentally, we believe that the path to diversity and inclusion is freedom – 
to express individuality, pursue opportunities and maximise potential. We are 
committed to creating an environment in which all people have these freedoms. 
At the same time, we do not assume a level playing field and recognise that 
simply providing freedom does not ensure diversity or transformation. Our 
approach places a responsibility on the firm and the individual: both have 
a role to play in achieving transformation and enforcing our zero-tolerance 
of prejudice, discrimination or any form of unfair treatment. Diversity and 
inclusion is a collective responsibility that requires continuous effort from 
all of us. 
Our aim is to ensure people of different backgrounds, cultures, beliefs 
and perspectives feel comfortable and welcome at Ninety One. We are 
proud of the culture we have fostered over time, which not only tolerates 
differences but appreciates and extracts value from them. We believe that 
our culture is at the cutting edge of balancing freedom and expression of 
individuality with an overarching sense of belonging and common purpose 
– these are building blocks which afford our people the opportunity to build 
successful careers and thrive in a collaborative work environment. This, in 
turn, leads to better results and outcomes for our clients. 
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
64
Creating a diverse and inclusive workplace is an evolving process and takes 
time. Meaningful change requires us to challenge ourselves and our biases 
and have the agility, foresight and drive to constantly evolve as society does.
Gender diversity 
We are working towards creating a more balanced organisation with respect 
to gender diversity. 
Ninety One is a signatory of the Women in Finance Charter and originally 
committed to achieving a target of 30% women in senior leadership by 
2023. Upon signing the Charter in 2018, our global senior leadership female 
representation was 26%, and we are pleased to report this is now 36%. We 
are committed to continuing to build on our progress and are now proactively 
working on maintaining this target.
Alongside maintaining the 36% of women in senior leadership, 
we strive for diverse representation on our boards. Our Board of 
Directors for Ninety One comprises 50% women.
In line with the UK regulatory requirements, we report our UK Gender 
Pay Gap annually.
Women in senior leadership
Source: Ninety One. Data as at September, aligned with HM Treasury Women in Finance Charter.
26%
2018
26%
2019
28%
2020
31%
2021
33%
2022
36%
2023
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
65
Ethnic diversity 
Since our inception in 1991, our focus on growth, active risk-on approach 
and clear purpose of investing for a better tomorrow have contributed 
to Ninety One playing its part in the post-apartheid transformation of 
South Africa. We are committed to transformation, not only within our 
business but in the broader financial services sector. Diversity is essential 
for any organisation’s ability to compete, adapt and remain relevant in a 
world where client needs are constantly evolving, and new competitors 
are emerging.
15. Gender and ethnicity data for the Board and executive management is self-reported. Data for senior management and wider workforce is   
 obtained from existing employee dataset. 
16.  Senior positions on the Board include Chief Executive Officer, Finance Director, Senior Independent Director and Chairman.
17.  Executive management includes Chief Executive Officer’s direct reports (excluding support roles) and the Company Secretary.
18.  Senior management as per Women in Finance Charter submission.
White British 
or other white 
(including minority-
white groups)
Mixed/
multiple 
ethnic
groups
Asian/
Asian
British
Black/
African/
Caribbean/
Black British
Board members 6 2
% of Board 75% 25%
Senior positions on the Board 16 4
Executive management17 5 1 3 1
% of executive management 50% 10% 30% 10%
Ethnicity split15
Women Men
Board members 4 4
% of Board 50% 50%
Senior positions on the Board 16 1 3
Executive management17 5 5
% of executive management 50% 50%
Senior management18 % 36% 64%
Other employees % 49% 51%
Gender split 15
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
66
Creating an inclusive culture and 
promoting allyship 
Our internal diversity networks are examples of how our culture 
encourages ‘Freedom to Create’. Our networks are created by our people 
and supported by the business. These are bottom-up initiatives, not top 
down. They are focused on building communities, raising awareness and 
advocating for change.
Ninety One Inspire
Inspire is a network created 
by women for women at 
Ninety One. It enables the 
exchange of knowledge and 
experiences in order to improve 
the opportunities for women 
at Ninety One and advocate 
for continued progress. Over 
the past year, we have hosted 
various inspirational female 
speakers from across the 
financial industry and beyond, 
including international best-
selling authors and global 
sustainability leaders. We also 
held internal workshops to 
empower our colleagues on 
various topics.
Ninety One Proud
Proud is Ninety One’s LGBT+ 
network. It is designed to 
create an internal community 
for our LGBT+ colleagues 
and their allies. Proud is 
focused on developing and 
promoting an inclusive work 
environment, where people 
who identify as LGBT+ are 
free to be themselves, and 
attracting and retaining the 
best talent regardless of their 
sexual orientation or gender 
identity. We hold an annual 
Proud Voices campaign that 
celebrates our colleagues 
who identify as LGBT+ and 
their allies.
Ninety One Belong
Belong is our network 
focused on the recruitment, 
retention and representation 
of black talent. Belong 
is focused on achieving 
this through enhancing 
Ninety One’s recruitment 
strategy, improving 
retention by partnering with 
internal stakeholders, and 
enhancing representation 
through education and 
cultural exchange.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
67
Philosophy of success 
Freedom to create
One of the main tenets of, and the philosophy behind, our culture, is 
the concept of freedom to create. We steadfastly believe in giving 
individuals the freedom to be themselves. We are creating a culture 
where we can collectively achieve together, without sacrificing our 
individuality. We believe that people perform best when they are 
liberated to pursue their passions and interests and we strive to give 
people the freedom to give expression to their strengths, skills and 
talents. Freedom is the greatest driver of diversity in our business.
Metrics of success 
Results and relationships
If freedom to create sits at the core of our culture, valuing strong 
relationships encircles that core. Strong relationships breed diversity 
in our business and an environment where all people feel welcome 
and respected, and know they have a fair opportunity to develop and 
contribute. We expect people to perform both on the results they 
deliver and the quality of their relationships. These are important 
measures of our culture.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Running our business 
responsibly and reducing 
energy consumption in 
our properties 
We recognise our responsibility to play our part in reducing global emissions, 
and we support the long-term goal of the Paris Agreement to keep the global 
average temperature increase to below 1.5°C. We use an environmental data-
collection system to track and manage our direct operational impacts. Over 
the year, we further improved the accuracy and thoroughness of our data, 
based on updated carbon emission factors, improvements in data quality and 
adjustments to previous estimates.
FY2024 FY2023  2019
Location based Market based Location based Market based (global 
baseline)
UK Global UK Global UK Global UK Global
Scope 1 (fuel) 7 60 7 60 4 20 4 20 227
Scope 2 (electricity) 311 2,752 6 2,447 330 2,722 4 2,396 3,546
Total Scope 1 & 2 318 2,812 13 2,507 334 2,742 8 2,416 3,773
Business travel 2,015 6,670 2,015 6,670 1,745 4,604 1,745 4,604 7,957
Waste generated 
in operations
13 24 13 24 12 22 12 22 53
Scope 3 2,028 6,694 2,028 6,694 1,757 4,625 1,757 4,625 8,010
Total CO2e emissions 2,346 9,505 2,041 9,200 2,091 7,367 1,766 7,042 11,783
Energy consumption 
(kWh)20
4,347,584 4,541,788
Total CO2e/employee  8.0  7.8  6.1  5.8 
Scope 1 & 2/employee  2.4  2.1  2.3  2.0 
Tonnes CO2e/£m of 
adjusted operating 
revenue
 16.0  15.4  11.6  11.1 
Scope 1 & 2 – tonnes 
p/£m of adjusted 
operating revenue
 4.7  4.2  4.3  3.8 
Climate metrics for our own operations 19
19.   Emissions metrics are calculated to align with Ninety One’s financial year, with the exception of 2019, which was calculated for a calendar year.  
  The update was applied in FY2022 following recommended sustainability accounting standards.  
20. Energy consumption in kWh for Scope 1 and Scope 2. Global includes UK GHG emissions. Numbers may not total exactly due to rounding. 
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
69
Our carbon footprint was calculated in accordance with the 
international Greenhouse Gas (“GHG”) Protocol’s Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard (revised edition). 
We measure and report our carbon using both location- and 
market-based methodologies. We believe this provides the most 
transparent and accurate view of our operational carbon footprint.
Key carbon numbers
As an investment manager, the largest contribution to our carbon 
footprint is from the investments that we make on behalf of 
our clients. At the same time, in line with our purpose, we want 
to contribute to a better world, and aim to run our business 
sustainably. We are committed to reducing emissions across our 
own operations and locations. 
In financial year 2024, our Scope 1 and 2 emissions increased by 
3%. However, compared with 2019, our baseline year, our Scope 1 
and 2 emissions have decreased by 25%, and we remain on track 
for our 2030 target. 
Total tCO2e per £million of adjusted 
operating revenue, our intensity 
metric, increased by 37%.
Global Scope 2 electricity emissions 
increased by 1% on a location basis.
Over half of our Scope 2 emissions relate to 
our Southern Africa offices, a more carbon-
intensive location for electricity. 
Our global Scope 3 emissions, which include 
paper, waste and business travel, increased 
by 45% to 6,694 tCO2e. 
This was mostly due to changes in the greenhouse gas 
conversion factors applied to travel, with some 
increase in business travel (specifically air travel). A 
certain amount of travel is required to run our global 
business, both to meet with clients and engage with 
colleagues. However, we continue to look at less 
emissions intensive options for air travel. This will be a 
focus over the coming period. 
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
70
While decarbonising our operations remains our focus, we 
maintained our long-term partnership with BioCarbon Partners 
(“BCP”) to mitigate 100% of our Scope 1, 2 and 3 (business 
travel) carbon emissions. BCP is a for-profit social enterprise 
founded in 2011, working to make forests and wildlife valuable to 
rural communities in the Luangwa and Lower Zambezi areas of 
Zambia. BCP does so primarily through the development and sale 
of carbon offsets, generating revenue used to conserve natural 
forests in some of Africa’s most important ecosystems. The projects 
are deeply integrated into local communities, which share in the 
revenue from the sale of the verified carbon offsets.
We continue to assess viable options for sourcing energy from 
renewables. This remains a challenge in South Africa, where we 
have sizeable operations. Nevertheless, we continue to seek to 
improve our energy efficiency. This has included entering into an 
agreement with Growthpoint Properties to wheel renewable solar 
energy from the Constantia Village shopping centre in the suburbs 
of Cape Town for use at Ninety One’s refurbished offices once the 
refurbishment is complete. This will significantly improve the carbon 
footprint of this office. 
Our employee resource group, Ninety One Green, continued 
looking at how to implement sustainability initiatives across 
the business. We maintained our partnership with Giki Zero to 
engage and educate our employees on their carbon footprints. 
This included campaigns on COP28 and explaining what it 
means for individuals rather than corporates and governments. 
7171
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
71
As part of our Corporate Social Investment (“CSI”), 
we work with communities to create a lasting positive 
impact in the societies in which we live and work. 
We support initiatives that our staff feel passionate 
about and where they can be actively involved. 
The majority of our CSI efforts continue to be directed 
towards towards education and skills development 
in South Africa, where the relative need is greatest. 
21.  Broad-Based Black Economic Empowerment.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
72
Education
A multi-faceted approach is required to improve education and skills 
development outcomes. Recognising this, we support initiatives 
addressing different challenges and age groups. We spent more than 
£2 million on education and skills development initiatives globally 
in the reporting period, primarily directed at addressing the high 
unemployment and skills deficit that South Africa faces.
Our focus areas in South Africa remain guided by the 
overlap of our CSI pillars (education, conservation and 
community development) and the regional imperative 
of transformation as expressed in B-BBEE 21 legislation. 
RedSTART
Our flagship UK education initiative is through our multi-year 
partnership with RedSTART, a UK financial literacy charity focused on 
instilling better financial habits in young children. Alongside industry 
peers, we co-funded the longitudinal study commissioned by RedSTART 
that aims to identify the link between financial education at an early 
age and social mobility for London’s most vulnerable. If successful, 
RedSTART will use the results to lobby for financial education to be 
included in the primary school curriculum in the UK. 

Sustainability and Stewardship Report
73
At present, our education and skills development spending in South 
Africa is largely focused on working with youth after their high school 
years. That said, we are increasingly working with organisations that are 
building capacity at public high schools, as well as those focusing on 
literacy and numeracy in under-resourced primary schools. 
Changeblazers
Changeblazers is our flagship South African education initiative. It now 
supports more than 100 under-resourced students, allowing them to access 
and thrive at tertiary institutions, and ultimately to go on and add meaningfully 
to the South African economy. 
The focus is on academic excellence and financial need. The programme 
has grown from the first cohort of 30 students attending university in 2021, 
to supporting over 100 in 2024. Not only does the programme provide 
much-needed funding, it also offers life-skills workshops, access to mental 
health professionals and resilience training to assist students in making 
the transition from home to university and then to the working world. The 
majority of the beneficiaries are young female students. Qualifications are 
varied, and include computer science, business and finance, law, psychology, 
engineering and occupational therapy. 
Students 
qualified for 
graduation
10
Changeblazers 2023 performance
Students on 
Dean's list 
(>75%)
22
Students 
achieved 
70-75%
25
Academic 
average of all 
students
69%
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
74
We are incredibly proud to have our first 10 graduates from our 2021 cohort. 
They include:
Our top graduates
Eden Jaftha 
BCom Accounting
Ellah Ngcukana 
BCom (General)
Samantha Hammond 
BSocSci Psychology
Sanele Zulu 
BAcc Science
Onalenna Mofokeng 
BA Psychology
Summer Martin 
BSocSci Psychology
Lenox Baloyi
BSc in Mathematics of Finance
Reynhardt Buys
BCom Actuarial Science
Clement Ledwaba
BSc Computer Science
Charné Scholtz
BCom Investment Management

Sustainability and Stewardship Report
75
 Junior Achievement South Africa
Through our partnership with Entrepreneurship Development Trust, we have 
funded various entrepreneurship programmes across South Africa. This includes 
the further rolling out of an enterprise programme run by Junior Achievement 
South Africa. The programme takes 16-18 year old learners through nine months 
of training and coaching on entrepreneurship – from ideation to sales and 
distribution. Themed ‘Breaking Barriers’, the 2023 South African Company of the 
Year competition brought together 15 young learners representing their region to 
showcase their businesses and demonstrate their teamwork, innovation, problem-
solving and leadership skills. National winners Unwind (see picture below) were 
from a Cape Town-based school where the programme was made possible by 
Entrepreneurship Development Trust and Ninety One. The learners went on to win 
third place in the regional finals in Ghana in December 2023. 

Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Conservation
We are the founding sponsor of the Tusk Conservation Awards 
and have expanded our support of Tusk’s work through the recent 
launch of a charitable share class in one of our sustainable strategies. 
The annual management fee from the money invested in the share 
class will be donated to Tusk on an ongoing basis. These annual 
donations will be made available to help the ranger community, 
especially families of rangers who have laid down their lives, and to 
support rangers’ conservation efforts. 
We also provided support to Conservation South Africa to expand 
its work with farmers and communities to embrace climate change-
resilient farming practices.
Community development
Community development initiatives can be separated into two types of support:
1
Infrastructure as an enabler of 
socio-economic development 
through driving better education 
and health outcomes.
2
Support of community-based 
organisations as an accelerator, 
which is targeted to the specific 
needs of identified beneficiaries.
Water infrastructure
Our collaboration with Entrepreneurship Development Trust 
expanded our support of water projects. We committed 
to funding a solar-powered borehole in Goqeyane Village 
in KwaZulu Natal. There are more than 4,500 people in the 
community who will have easier, and more sustainable access 
to clean water when the project is completed. The terrain 
in the village makes it a difficult area to undertake such a 
project. But we have confirmation of successful drilling in the 
village, yielding 1.5 litres of water per second. 
This is our third solar-powered water infrastructure project in 
South Africa. A number of other areas have been identified 
for similar support. The principle adopted is to prioritise 
areas where this type of intervention could catalyse more 
economic activity. 

Linewu Mukutwana receiving news of passing Matric with 
Mthandwa Sincuba, Bulungula College Principal, January 2024.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
77
Bulungula Incubator
Ninety One continued its support of the Bulungula Incubator, a non-profit 
organisation that aims to alleviate poverty in one of the poorest districts 
in South Africa, supporting more than 5,000 community members. The 
founders have worked tirelessly with the community and local government 
officials to provide basic infrastructure and resources to the community. 
They now stand as a model for creating vibrant, sustainable rural livelihoods. 
The legacy of apartheid still prevents many in the rural areas of the 
Eastern Cape from accessing quality education. Since its establishment 
in 2019, Bulungula College has been a beacon of hope for many 
learners in the area. The college achieved a 97% pass rate for its 2023 
Grade 12 class. The vast majority of the learners are the first in their 
families to finish high school.
One example of this journey is Linewu Mukutwana, the top-performing 
student in the class of 2023. When Bulungula Incubator first met her, 
she was living with her family in a dilapidated mud hut. Against the odds, 
Linewu has emerged as a shining star, receiving five distinctions in her 
matric results. She is now in the Changeblazers programme.
Songo.info
Songo.info is a community-based organisation that has humble 
beginnings: from founder and former mountain biking world champion 
Christoph Sauser’s dream of providing a safe space for children to 
play on bikes, the programme has evolved into a sports and academic 
support programme equipping the children of Kayamandi, a poverty-
ridden township near Stellenbosch in South Africa, with the skills to 
lead a successful life. Ninety One’s partnership with Songo started 
in 2015 and has enabled the educational programme to flourish. The 
organisation currently supports 100 beneficiaries. 
Our employees have become increasingly involved with the Songo 
team and its beneficiaries, as can be seen in the pictures below.
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
78
Employee-driven initiatives 
Over the financial year, we continued to support the efforts of staff and amplify 
their contributions to causes that are close to their hearts. Via our charity matching 
programme, we have provided support to more than 40 staff-selected charities 
globally. We have noted that staff volunteerism at different offices continues to grow. 
We are seeing this come through in volunteering to work with young people as well 
as through initiatives like winter blanket-making and working at soup kitchens. 
School shoe drive by staff for iKhaya le 
Themba in Imizamo Yethu, South Africa
A Ninety One employee-led motivational day held 
at Sunridge High School, which included provision 
of study material and motivational speakers
The Bookery
We expanded our partnership with The Bookery, a literacy charity in 
South Africa that provides under-resourced schools with well-stocked 
libraries, efficient library management systems and trained library 
assistants. We funded our third library project with The Bookery and 
more than 1,228 learners and 39 educators at Diepdale Secondary 
School in Soweto will now have a well-stocked library for the first time. 
This is the 95th library that The Bookery has launched.
Appendix 1
Acting as a corporate citizen
Appendix 2
Global stewardship codes
Appendix 3
Significant votes
Appendix 4
Engagement list
Appendix 5
Advocacy initiatives
Appendix 6
Principles for Responsible Investing
79
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Appendices
80
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Appendix 1  
Acting as a corporate citizen
Ninety One has a number of policies to ensure we operate in a socially 
responsible and compliant manner, reflecting our value of doing the 
right thing.
Our approach to anti-bribery and anti-corruption 
We have a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption. Our employees 
undertake training to ensure they understand their responsibilities and are 
aware of the consequences of the failure to comply with anti-bribery and 
anti-corruption policies in all the jurisdictions in which we operate. Regional 
compliance teams are responsible for reviewing and updating internal policies 
to enable our business and employees to manage the legal and reputational 
risks associated with bribery and corruption. We have a number of internal 
policies relating to anti-corruption and anti-bribery, which are not published 
externally. These include our Financial Crime Compliance Policy, which 
consolidates a number of policies and sets out our approach to mitigating the 
risks arising from exposure to financial crime, as well as a Whistleblowing Policy, 
Third Party Benefits Policy and Conflicts of Interest Policy.
Data Protection and Privacy Policy 
Our Data Protection and Privacy Policy promotes sound practices for the 
collection and processing of personal data to ensure that Ninety One acts in 
accordance with global data protection and privacy regulations, in addition to 
our fiduciary responsibilities towards our clients and employees. Our people are 
aware of their data-protection responsibilities and receive appropriate training.
Working with regulators and peers 
Ninety One is a global investment manager with regulatory obligations in the many 
jurisdictions in which we operate. In line with our key value, we want to do the 
right thing for our regulators by maintaining constructive and proactive working 
relationships with them around the world. We participate in industry forums, 
alongside our peers, in the markets in which we operate, with the intention of 
constructive development of policy and regulation. Our Board and our DLC Audit 
and Risk Committee are engaged in the material regulatory matters and policy 
initiatives that Ninety One deals with.
Working with our suppliers 
We value the relationships we have built with our suppliers over the years and 
recognise the value they provide to our business. We continue to work with our 
suppliers to ensure they adhere to the standards and behaviours we uphold across 
Ninety One. We have a high level of oversight, focused on selection, onboarding, 
monitoring and reporting across our supply chain and we review the supplier 
relationships bi-annually. We have adopted a global approach to modern slavery. 
We will not knowingly support and/or do business with any third party involved 
in slavery and/or human trafficking. We further review suppliers with respect to 
their approach to sustainability and diversity and we also ask that they treat and 
remunerate their staff fairly. 
81
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Appendix 2  
Global stewardship codes
FRC UK Stewardship Code 
The UK Stewardship Code aims to set high stewardship standards for asset 
managers, asset owners and the service providers that support them. First 
published in July 2010, the Code has been revised a number of times with the 
latest edition, the UK Stewardship Code 2020, taking effect from 1 January 
2020. The new Code consists of 12 principles for asset managers and asset 
owners and sets high expectations of those investing money on behalf of UK 
savers and pensioners.
We maintained our signatory status to the UK Stewardship Code for the last year. 
We have outlined in the following table where we have responded to each 
principle within the report:
Principle Ninety One’s activities 
1. Signatories’ purpose, 
investment beliefs, 
strategy and culture 
enable stewardship 
that creates long-term 
value for clients and 
beneficiaries, leading 
to sustainable benefits 
for the economy, the 
environment and society.
Ninety One’s purpose, beliefs, strategy and culture are outlined in the Integrated  
Annual Report.
Ninety One is an active manager serving third party clients. The defining characteristics of 
our business model are as follows: 
 ɽ Client-centric with global reach and local presence  
Our clients come first. We build meaningful, long-term relationships with our clients 
and serve them in the locations where they are based. Ninety One concentrates 
on the institutional and advisor channels, which are predominantly professionally 
intermediated. We also build long-term relationships with intermediaries.
 ɽ Owner-culture with stable and experienced leadership  
Our people have the freedom to create within clear parameters determined by 
our values, team and strategy. Our employees are significant shareholders, which 
underpins our long-term approach, motivation levels and alignment with our 
stakeholders. This model is attractive to top talent.
 ɽ Emerging markets heritage  
We are one of the few investment management firms to have developed a 
substantial global footprint from emerging market origins.
 ɽ Diversified offering of specialist active strategies  
We evolve our offering to be relevant to our clients and to help them meet their 
investment objectives. The diversified nature of our offering supports our business 
through market cycles.
 ɽ Capital efficient and cash generative  
We have a long track record of profitable growth. We invest in our business for the 
long term. We are committed to our talent-intensive and capital-light model. This is a 
cash-generative business mindful of shareholder value.
82
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
We are a patient, organic, long-term and intergenerational business , 
which is reflected in our consistent strategy, focused around our three 
strategic principles:
 ɽ We offer organically developed investment capabilities over time.
 ɽ We operate globally in both the institutional and advisor space.
 ɽ We have an approach to growth that is driven by structural medium- to 
long-term client demand and competitive investment performance.
The Essence of Ninety One 
Our purpose of investing for a better tomorrow guides our strategy 
and is supported by our values and culture.
Sustainability analysis is 
integrated into all of our 
investment strategies. We 
also offer focused sustainable 
investment solutions.
Invest
We seek to lead the 
conversation on sustainable 
investing. A major focus of 
our work is to advocate for 
a transition that includes 
emerging markets and results in 
real-world carbon reduction.
Advocate
We believe change starts 
at home. We run our 
business responsibly and 
act sustainably.
Inhabit
Our values and culture
‘Do the right thing’  is not just a phrase, it is deeply embedded 
in how we do business, serve our clients and maintain our unique 
culture. We identified nine key spheres where we can articulate the 
purpose and relevance of this simple value. Do the right thing for:
 ɽ Clients
 ɽ Business
 ɽ Regulators
 ɽ Team
 ɽ Each other
 ɽ Environment
 ɽ Society
 ɽ Family
 ɽ Yourself
This one value informs every decision that our people make, as well 
as our strong sense of purpose. This allows us to trust our people 
and to give them the freedom to create and be themselves within a 
team-oriented context. This in turn nurtures a culture where we can 
collectively achieve without sacrificing our individual selves.
Responsible citizens
Doing the right thing for our environment, society and each other is the 
driving force behind our purpose and our commitment to investing for a 
better tomorrow. To achieve this, we place sustainability at the core of our 
business, via our three-dimensional sustainability framework:
Our strategic principles
83
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Principle Ninety One’s activities 
1. Signatories’ purpose, 
investment beliefs, 
strategy and culture 
enable stewardship 
that creates long-term 
value for clients and 
beneficiaries, leading 
to sustainable benefits 
for the economy, the 
environment and society 
(continued). 
Investment beliefs, outcomes and assessments
Please refer to the ‘Integration’ section on page 16, which outlines our investment beliefs. In 
general, our specialist investment teams operate according to their own investment beliefs, 
and we do not have an overarching house investment style. We believe that this approach 
has enabled effective stewardship as the consideration of ESG issues is a truly integrated 
part of the investment process. As part of our structured report-back process, we review 
the effectiveness of ESG integration and ongoing engagements between our investment 
and risk teams. The outcome and effectiveness of our net-zero strategy is monitored 
through our net-zero engagements, progress on which is described on page 36. The 
following chart shows the firm-wide investment performance that we have achieved for our 
clients over different time periods.
Past performance does not predict future returns; losses may be made.
Note: Outperformance (underperformance) is calculated as the sum of the total market values 
for individual portfolios that have positive active returns (negative active returns) on a gross 
basis expressed as a percentage of total assets under management. The percentage of fund 
outperformance is reported on the basis of current AUM and therefore does not include terminated 
funds. Total assets under management exclude double counting of pooled products and third-
party assets administered on our South African platform. Benchmarks used for the above analysis 
include cash, peer-group averages, inflation and market indices as specified in client mandates 
or fund prospectuses. For all periods shown, market values are as at the period end-date. Data to 
end-March 2024.
Please refer to principle 6, which includes the discussion on how we have looked to serve 
the best interests of clients and beneficiaries.
2. Signatories’ 
governance, resources 
and incentives 
support stewardship.
Our governance structure 
Our governance structure provides oversight of, and accountability for, Ninety One’s 
approach to sustainability. It enables effective oversight and accountability for our 
sustainability and stewardship processes, and also provides an effective means of 
responding to market-wide and systematic risks, as well as positioning the firm to capitalise 
on business opportunities. 
Total % outperformance and underperformance 
Since inception
Outperformance Underperformance
1 year 3 years 5 years 10 years
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
84
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Principle Ninety One’s activities 
2. Signatories’ 
governance, resources 
and incentives support 
stewardship (continued).
Investment teams Investment teams Human capital
Investment risk team Investment Institute Workplace team
Proxy voting and 
data support Client Group Corporate social 
investment team
DLC21 Board Sustainability, Social and Ethics (SS&E) Committee
Chief Executive Officer
Sustainability Committee
Sustainability team
Invest Advocate Inhabit
21. DLC: dual-listed company Our Chief Executive Officer is accountable to the Ninety One 
Board for implementing our strategy, which includes placing sustainability at the core of the 
business. Our Sustainability Committee, which meets quarterly, is the ultimate custodian of Ninety 
One’s approach to sustainability and stewardship. The Committee comprises senior leaders from 
the business, including our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). It reports to the Chief Executive 
Officer, who reports into the DLC Sustainability, Social and Ethics (“SS&E”) Committee. 
On page 34, we describe the formation of an in-house Governance Group, with members 
from across our regional Investments, Sustainability and Operations teams, with the aim of 
ensuring our governance processes support effective stewardship across the business. 
Our quarterly Sustainability Committee meetings, which are attended by key stewardship 
stakeholders, holistically considers sustainability throughout three pillars; Invest, 
Advocate, Inhabit. The Committee has been effective in driving a cohesive response to 
Ninety One’s sustainability priorities, placing sustainability at the core of the business. On 
page 25, we describe the launch of Transition School, part of our ongoing commitment 
to training aimed at helping our investment teams allocate, manage and oversee capital 
responsibly to create long-term value for clients and beneficiaries. On pages 17 and 18, 
as an example of some of the outcomes of this training, we provide an overview of how 
each of our investment teams implements ESG within its investment process, as well as an 
update on current initiatives regarding ESG integration. We provide diversity statistics, with 
disclosures by gender and ethnicity, as well as details on our approach to diversity, equity 
and inclusion in the Inhabit section of this report.
85
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Principle Ninety One’s activities 
2. Signatories’ 
governance, resources 
and incentives support 
stewardship (continued). 
Human resources
Ninety One’s investment teams are fully responsible for addressing and embedding ESG 
and active ownership considerations. This was a strategic decision in order to achieve 
credible integration. They are monitored and supported by other functions including a 
Sustainability team and an Investment Risk function. Our investment teams are supported 
by specialist teams: 
 ɽ The sustainability team oversees and supports Ninety One’s sustainability strategy 
and implementation; aligns teams on strategic engagements; and provides specialist 
knowledge and guidance on issues like transition-plan assessments, just transition, 
governance frameworks, engagement approaches and voting.
 ɽ Within the investment risk team, an ESG Risk function monitors firm- and portfolio-
level sustainability risks and manages ESG data. 
 ɽ IT specialists integrate and surface ESG data through our digital platform for the 
investment teams.
 ɽ An operations team administers proxy voting.
Our experienced Sustainability team consists of five members: our Chief Sustainability 
Officer, Sustainability Director and three sustainability analysts, with average industry 
experience of 17 years.
Data resources
Please refer to page 17, which explains how we have invested in developing our data 
sources and tools to aid research and analysis over the reporting period, and principle 8 
which explains how we have used service and data providers.
Performance review and remuneration 
Sustainability is integrated into our performance-review and remuneration processes. 
Variable remuneration for Executive Directors incorporates both financial and non-
financial performance targets that reflect the key financial and strategic priorities of Ninety 
One, including our commitment to sustainability. Please refer to the Ninety One Integrated 
Annual Report for further details on our remuneration structure. 
3. Signatories manage 
conflicts of interest to 
put the best interests of 
clients and beneficiaries 
first.
Our Conflicts of Interest Policy can be found in our ‘Stewardship policy and proxy 
voting guidelines’.
Our approach to conflicts of interest 
Ninety One acts as a fiduciary to its clients. As such, it will always seek to manage any 
conflicts that may occur through its normal business activities so that there is no material 
risk of damage to clients.
Ninety One has a firmwide Conflicts of Interest Policy, as well as a separate Conflicts of 
Interest Committee which manages the broader remit of potential conflicts across the 
business. Examples of potential conflicts include: 
 ɽ Proxy voting: Ninety One has established processes to manage potential conflict-
of-interest issues through the voting process. These conflicts can vary in nature 
and Ninety One will respond to each case individually, following a strict process. An 
example would be instances of Ninety One board members or senior employees 
serving on the boards of other publicly listed companies. To manage this, the 
compliance team has put in place internal controls, including a Ninety One policy, in 
respect of outside business activities. Where a conflict is detected, the issue is dealt 
with appropriately and escalated to the Ninety One Sustainability Committee, where 
necessary. We would also cast a ‘do not vote’ decision on holdings in listed Ninety 
One-managed funds and Ninety One plc/Ltd.
86
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Principle Ninety One’s activities 
3. Signatories manage 
conflicts of interest to 
put the best interests of 
clients and beneficiaries 
first (continued).
 ɽ Our Chief Executive Officer, Hendrik du Toit serves as the lead independent 
non-executive director on the board of Naspers Ltd and Prosus NV, which is held 
in a number of Ninety One portfolios. To mitigate any potential conflict of interest, 
proxy voting has been closely monitored to ensure that complete independence 
was achieved. After the Naspers 2017 AGM, Ninety One decided that the 
potential conflict of interest was best managed by referring all Naspers and 
Prosus voting-related matters directly to clients. We have followed this process 
since then. We make a recommendation to clients on how we would vote and 
offer them the option to either follow our recommendation or direct the vote as 
they see fit.
 ɽ Fundamental transactions: From time to time, Ninety One on behalf of its clients 
may become involved on both sides of a fundamental transaction. In such cases, 
Ninety One will seek to ensure that all appropriate factors are considered prior to any 
transaction or recommendation taking place. If necessary, it will engage directly with 
its clients to determine an appropriate course of action. Ninety One would ultimately 
aim to act in the best interests of clients, in line with their mandate, which may result 
in a divergence of actions.
 ɽ Nominating directors:  Ninety One will endeavour, where appropriate, to nominate 
candidates that it objectively considers to be independent of Ninety One. Should 
Ninety One deem it necessary to nominate a candidate that is in any way affiliated to 
itself, it will ensure that the candidate is not presented with any conflicts of interest 
that may impact their ability to fulfil their responsibilities as a director, or as an 
employee of Ninety One.
 ɽ Engagement: In theory, there is a risk that Ninety One could favour some companies 
in the engagement process where Ninety One has a prior relationship and so would 
be failing in its duty to treat all its clients equally. To mitigate such a risk, Ninety One has 
established a governance structure to ensure that these situations are appropriately 
identified and managed, including all strategic engagements being monitored by the 
Sustainability team.
4. Signatories identify 
and respond to market-
wide and systemic 
risks to promote a 
well-functioning 
financial system.
Our approach to systemic risks 
We look to identify market-wide and systemic risks, both to manage portfolio risks and 
to promote well-functioning financial systems. Sustainability risks can be identified in 
a number of ways including through our investment teams’ bottom-up research, our 
Sustainability team’s oversight and industry advocacy networks, and our investment risk 
process.
The Investment Risk team performs a ‘safety net’ function, identifying – and challenging 
our investment teams on – ESG issues, including market-wide and systemic risks. Metrics 
such as these are also used in the risk-monitoring process, alongside data from other 
sources. We improved the monitoring that we do in monthly risk meetings by creating 
company focus-lists based on a review of internal and external data flags, by tracking 
exposure of investment strategies to these focus lists, and more recently by tracking 
engagement activity. This helps us better understand exposure to ESG risks across the 
investment teams, and gain comfort with the quality of ESG integration into investment 
processes. At the firm level, we monitor exposure to investments that flag on various third-
party ESG metrics. We believe that this process has worked effectively over the reporting 
period.
87
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Principle Ninety One’s activities 
4. Signatories identify 
and respond to market-
wide and systemic 
risks to promote a 
well-functioning 
financial system 
(continued). 
We recognise climate change and corporate governance as key material market-wide 
sustainability risks. 
 ɽ We made significant progress on our work to address systemic risks linked to climate 
change, particularly as part of our approach to meeting our net-zero targets over the 
reporting period. We further developed our Transition Plan Assessment Framework 
to assess our top emitters across the firm and developed engagement plans for 
each company. Please refer to page 22 for further detail on our progress and pages 
17 and 18 for examples of how our different investment teams consider carbon risk at 
a strategy level. 
 ɽ Governance failures are a perennial threat to companies’ ability to create long-
term sustainable value. Ninety One seeks to ensure boards focus on creating 
and preserving sustainable value through an effective system of governance. 
Corporate-governance analysis is integrated into our investment teams’ research. 
Please see page 34 for details about the recently formed Governance Group, which, 
among other things, assesses and seeks to improve Ninety One’s stewardship 
policies.
With an increasing focus on, and understanding of, nature-related investment risks, we 
are in the process of developing a specific framework to support our investment teams in 
identifying, analysing and managing these risks.
Please refer to the Advocacy section of the report for information on how we have worked 
with other industry participants to promote continued improvement of the functioning 
of financial markets and Appendix 5 for our contribution to the industry groups we are 
involved in. 
5. Signatories review 
their policies, assure their 
processes and assess 
the effectiveness of 
their activities.
Our sustainability-related policy documents are reviewed by our Sustainability team 
every two years and are tabled for review and approval by the Global Policies Committee, 
which comprises senior members of the business from Executive Management, Legal, 
Compliance, Company Secretary and Operations (oversight and risk). Any material 
changes to the policies are also reviewed and approved by the Sustainability Committee. 
We have largely taken assurance for internal purposes of our stewardship activities to 
date. The Sustainability Committee’s remit covers the continued enhancement and 
management of Ninety One’s stewardship position and oversees the implementation 
and effectiveness of the related policies. This includes tracking active-ownership activity 
(voting and engagement) and assessing any disputes, outcomes and learning experiences 
that may enrich the stewardship policy. Over the reporting period, the Sustainability 
Committee provided a means to discuss and challenge sustainability-related processes, 
which has contributed to improvements in accountability and knowledge sharing. 
In addition, we have received external assurance of the controls covering our proxy-
voting process, which have been reviewed in recent years by KPMG and PWC from 
financial year 2024, as part of the internal controls report (AAF 01/06). As outlined in the 
ESG Integration and Investments sections of this report, the Sustainability Committee and 
Investment Risk team challenge and regularly review the progress that investment teams 
are making in terms of ESG integration and highlight areas for improvement.
ISS, the proxy-research and vote-execution service provider we use, and other third-party 
providers are overseen by our Third Party Oversight committee, which meets quarterly. 
The ISS service is reviewed from a performance and risk perspective. On an annual basis, 
we collect and review various information from ISS, including its annual internal controls 
report and insurance certificate, and require the completion of our Information Security 
questionnaire.
88
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Principle Ninety One’s activities 
5. Signatories review 
their policies, assure their 
processes and assess 
the effectiveness of 
their activities (continued).
The continuous review of stewardship and ESG-related activity and the accountability to 
various senior committees have led to the improvement of policies and processes over 
time. We understand that higher levels of assurance provide greater confidence that 
reported information and data are reliable, and so we will continue to discuss how we can 
better assure our processes. 
Even as we see companies increasingly report on ESG and sustainability, there is 
continuing fragmentation around the world in terms of which standards and frameworks 
are used. However, with the launch of ISSB standards, we expect that there will be 
greater consistency of reporting which will allow for more effective assurance. We 
have commenced engagement with an external assurer for its internal review of our 
sustainability reporting, as part of preparation for external assurance in the future, but we 
will not obtain external assurance for the March 2024 year-end.
Our marketing-compliance team has reviewed this report to make sure that it is clear, 
fair and balanced. Ninety One’s Chief Executive Officer, Hendrik du Toit, has reviewed 
the 2024 Sustainability and Stewardship Report, ensuring alignment with the outcomes 
reported to the Sustainability Committee, while ensuring fair, balanced and clear 
reporting.
6. Signatories take 
account of client and 
beneficiary needs 
and communicate the 
activities and outcomes 
of their stewardship and 
investment to them.
A breakdown of our client base, assets under management by asset class and geography 
can be found on page 2.
Investment time horizon
We are active, long-term investors across all strategies, asset classes and regions. The 
majority of holdings are held with a multi-year time horizon in mind. The time horizon 
over which we expect to meet performance objectives varies across strategies and are 
detailed in the relevant prospectus.
Responding to clients’ needs 
We regularly engage with our clients to understand their needs and stewardship 
preferences, directly one-to-one and through larger information-gathering initiatives. 
Over the reporting period, we carried out our ‘Planetary Pulse’ survey to ascertain 
investor and client views on sustainability (please refer to page 55).
Client-management teams work with our clients to identify their requirements, including 
their stewardship and responsible-investing needs. This dialogue has highlighted a strong 
desire among asset owners to invest in strategies that can make a positive contribution to 
society and/or the environment. In response, we have widened our range of impact and 
sustainable strategies (detailed in the Invest section). 
Our clients have varied ESG preferences and our client-management teams work closely 
with the sustainability and investment teams to review and process these to ensure clients 
ESG expectations and requirements are understood and met. 
To help our clients understand the issues that are impacting their investments, we report 
on our responsible-investing activities in multiple ways, including via our Sustainability 
and Stewardship Report, PRI report, TCFD report, quarterly portfolio-level sustainability 
reports, the annual impact and sustainability reports of our sustainability funds, and online 
vote disclosure. We currently produce around 30 standard portfolio-level reports per 
quarter and annual reports for our Global Environment, UK Sustainable Equity, Global 
Sustainable Equity and Emerging Markets Sustainable Equity strategies.
89
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Principle Ninety One’s activities 
6. Signatories take 
account of client and 
beneficiary needs 
and communicate the 
activities and outcomes 
of their stewardship 
and investment to them 
(continued). 
Quarterly sustainability reporting
In addition to quarterly investment reports, we send selected clients a separate quarterly 
sustainability report. This document helps to add further detail to how assets have been 
managed in alignment with clients' stewardship and investment policies. For a segregated 
sovereign fixed income mandate, for example, the report may include portfolio-level 
analysis showing MSCI ESG scores vs. the benchmark (standard and income adjusted), 
as well as analysis based on Ninety One’s own internal ESG scorecard and Net-Zero 
Sovereign Index. The report may also include measures of portfolio climate-risk exposure 
at the country level, as well as an update on engagement activity that describes our 
stewardship work on behalf of our clients. 
Helping our clients transition towards more sustainable portfolios
During the reporting period, we continued to respond to requests from our clients to 
transition their investment portfolios towards more sustainable models. For example, 
some of our European fixed income clients have asked for assistance in moving towards 
a more comprehensive sustainable investment approach. In doing so, they also need to 
be able to present to their own beneficiaries and stakeholders how they are meeting their 
sustainable objectives. In response, we prepared ‘Net-Zero Sovereign workshops’ for 
UK and Dutch institutional investors (the latter took place just after the reporting period 
ended). The workshop were particularly aimed at clients seeking to bring their sovereign 
debt portfolios within the scope of their net-zero targets (to date, most asset owners have 
excluded sovereign exposure). The training events included sessions on the ASCOR tool, 
an investor-led project to assess countries on their progress managing the low-carbon 
transition and the impacts of climate change, and on how our fixed income team uses the 
Ninety One Net-zero Sovereign Index to measure countries against the Paris Agreement 
climate goals.  
In addition, we brought ‘Transition School’ (see page 25) – set up initially for investment 
teams at Ninety One to equip them to identify and assess transition risks and opportunities 
– to a UK client. The all-day workshop covered a substantial part of the syllabus to address 
our client’s desire to improve its own staff members knowledge of climate investing.
7. Signatories 
systematically integrate 
stewardship and 
investment, including 
material environmental, 
social and governance 
issues, and climate 
change, to fulfil their 
responsibilities.
We are active, long-term investors across all strategies, asset classes and regions. The 
majority of holdings are held with a multi-year time horizon in mind. The time horizon over 
which we expect to meet performance objectives varies across investment teams.
Please refer to the Integration section of the report for information on how our various 
investment teams integrate ESG issues along with case studies showing how various 
issues are prioritised and assessed. This also includes examples of how considerations 
differ across asset classes and geographies. An example of the latter is highlighted in the 
description of the Emerging Markets Sustainable Blended Debt on page 28, which factors 
in the very different starting points, from a sustainability perspective, of emerging markets 
vs. developed markets by focusing on the trend in ESG factors, rather than absolute levels.
Please refer to principle 8, which outlines how our service providers support integration.
8. Signatories monitor and 
hold to account managers 
and/or service providers.
Ninety One uses a range of external services and data providers to support ESG 
integration. We assess providers on factors including how they address data 
inconsistency, scarcity and incompleteness, which are often obstacles to ESG integration. 
Our specialist teams monitor and review the market for ESG data providers, and we 
typically formally review data vendors every three years. An assessment typically covers 
quality and type of data, coverage of investible universe, and cost. Vendors are evaluated 
for data to support fundamental research and monitoring activities, and thematic data 
(e.g., climate data).
90
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Principle Ninety One’s activities 
8. Signatories monitor and 
hold to account managers 
and/or service providers 
(continued). 
Our Sustainability and Investment Risk teams have update calls with service providers 
to discuss new requirements, improvements and gaps in datasets, and to understand or 
challenge any changes in methodologies. 
The ESG research and data that we have access to is integrated into investment research 
processes in various ways (depending on the strategy), including via scorecards and 
research dashboards. 
The below chart summarises the primary ESG data sources that we use. Over the 
reporting period, service providers generally met our expectations. We have expanded 
the ClarityAI data set in order to enable us to undertake climate-scenario analysis. Our 
primary ESG data service provider remains MSCI; in a few instances in the year, we raised 
with the vendor the issue of delayed updates to issuer data. We continually review our 
ESG vendors to determine whether they remain best in class and fit Ninety One’s ongoing 
requirements, as well as market developments.
Service provider How we use the data
MSCI ESG Ratings, controversy flags, business-involvement screens. Used 
to support ESG research and investment risk monitoring.
RepRisk Data and news. Used to support ESG research and investment-
risk monitoring.
ISS ProxyExchange Vote execution service and research. Considered in the voting 
decision.
CDP Carbon-related data. Used to assess and understand exposure to 
climate-change-related risks.
Bloomberg Various datasets. Used to support ESG research.
ClarityAI Data to assist us with assessing and complying with our 
regulatory obligations; e.g., SFDR requirements. Also used for 
climate-scenario analysis. 
Trucost Analysis of exposure vs. benchmark of various environmental 
issues including emissions, waste and water intensity.
9. Signatories engage 
with issuers to maintain 
or enhance the value 
of assets.
Please refer to the ‘Active ownership’ section of the report. The engagement approach 
may differ depending on the strategy in question due to asset class or length of holding 
period. However, our stewardship approach to debt and equity is increasingly aligning.
Our firmwide strategic engagements have largely focused on and prioritised our top-
emitting companies in order to make progress towards our net-zero targets. Additional 
strategic engagements are typically prioritised by individual investment teams based on 
factors such as issues they have deemed material for their strategy, size of holding and 
ability to influence. 
Objectives and engagement plans are set for all strategic engagements. Please refer to 
the case studies on page 36.
Please refer to Appendix 4 for examples of the methods of engagement used.
10. Signatories, where 
necessary, participate in 
collaborative engagement 
to influence issuers.
Refer to page 42 for examples and outcomes of collaborative engagements we have 
participated in and page 52 for further examples of our collaboration with industry 
organisations.
91
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Principle Ninety One’s activities 
11. Signatories, where 
necessary, escalate 
stewardship activities to 
influence issuers.
Please refer to page 33, which outlines our approach to escalation, including an example. 
Please also see the proxy voting case studies on page 47, which give examples of how we 
use our voting rights as part of our escalation strategies. Our approach is tailored to the 
specific circumstances of the company in question, for example allowing for the fact that it 
is more challenging, and will take more time, for emerging market companies (such as Sasol) 
to transition towards net zero. We would highlight the Eskom engagement case study on 
page 37, which highlights how our engagement approach reflects the local social, political 
and economic backdrop in South Africa, and Eskom’s crucial role as an enabler of economic 
development. 
If our initial approach to engagement is not successful, we are not able to build commitment 
or there is no appropriate response from a company, we carefully consider our options to 
escalate the engagement using various approaches. These include:
 ɽ Meetings with the chairman and selected directors and executives to understand  
their view
 ɽ AGM attendance and questions
 ɽ Shareholder resolution
 ɽ Collaboration with shareholders who share the same concern
 ɽ Engaging through local engagement groups; e.g. the UK Investor Forum
 ɽ Voting against management
 ɽ An extraordinary general meeting
 ɽ Selling the shares
12. Signatories actively 
exercise their rights and 
responsibilities.
Please refer to pages 44-48, which detail our proxy-voting approach and data over the 
reporting period. 
While our proxy-voting guidelines apply globally, we recognise regional differences. In 
markets where the codes are still evolving and not yet fully aligned with global best practice, 
we take this into account. In these markets, we aim to engage actively with policymakers, 
regulators and stock exchanges, together with other investors, to address any critical 
potential shortcomings. 
Some clients may have policies that differ from ours. Although we welcome views on voting 
items, we do not currently take direction or override our policy for pooled fund clients. For 
clients invested in segregated portfolios, we put mechanisms in place to adhere to their 
voting guidelines, if required. 
We do not take part in stock lending, so this does not affect our voting process.
Rights and responsibilities regarding credit instruments
We exercise our rights and responsibilities for credit instruments in the following ways:
 ɽ We are often a member of bond or loan syndicates, where amendments to the 
documentation or indentures are typically facilitated through the facility agent or 
arranging bank. We review any borrower requests or amendments and then submit our 
vote or signed amendment through the appropriate channel.
 ɽ To the extent there is a potential impairment of a holding, a coordinating committee is 
usually formed to represent the interests of the bond or loan holders. This committee 
is typically made up of the largest lenders, and where we fall into that category we 
are happy to represent our interests accordingly. This committee negotiates with the 
borrower or any restructuring officer to ensure a fair outcome for lenders.
 ɽ Analysts review bond or loan prospectuses ahead of investment. We also use a third-
party legal service called Xtract, which comprehensively reviews all bond and loan 
documentation, flagging potentially relevant terms in the documentation.
 ɽ Refinancing or new issuances provide a meaningful opportunity to engage on 
sustainability-related issues with a company.
92
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Principle Ninety One’s activities 
1. Integration of 
environmental, social and 
governance factors
Our Sustainability Policy and Stewardship Policy and Proxy Voting Guidelines outline our 
firmwide approach to sustainability and the integration of ESG factors. 
Please refer to the Invest section of this report which discusses how our various 
investment teams integrate material issues.
2. Diligent stewardship Our Stewardship Policy and Proxy Voting Guidelines include our approach to 
engagement, escalation and voting. Our voting records can be found on our website.
Please refer to the Active ownership section of this report for further information on our 
engagements and proxy voting over the reporting period.
Please refer to Appendix 3, which summarises our significant votes over the reporting 
period including rationale.
3. Capacity building 
and collaboration
Please refer to the Active ownership section of this report, which provides an overview of 
our collaborative engagements. 
We are also a supporter of several other global stewardship codes, as outlined below. Our 
compliance statements can be found on our website. 
 ɽ UK Stewardship Code
 ɽ Singapore Stewardship Principles 
 ɽ Hong Kong Principles of Responsible Ownership 
 ɽ Japanese Stewardship Code 
 ɽ Korea Stewardship Code 
 ɽ ISG US Stewardship Principles
We equip each investment team with the knowledge, data and tools to fully integrate ESG 
into their investment processes. In the reporting year, we further developed our in-house 
investment tools and data platform.
4. Sound governance Please refer to the Our approach to sustainability section of this report for an overview 
of our governance structure. Please also see our response to principles 2 and 3 of the 
UK Stewardship code on pages 83-86 for further details on our governance structure, 
remuneration and conflicts of interest process. 
We believe that our governance structure and approach to sustainability have been 
effective in supporting stewardship and responsible investment over the reporting period.
5. Transparency We apply the principles of CRISA 2 to all assets that we manage. 
We report on our responsible-investing activities in multiple ways, including via our annual 
Sustainability and Stewardship Report, annual PRI reporting, annual TCFD report (now 
integrated into our Annual Report), the annual impact and sustainability reports of our 
sustainability funds, and monthly online vote disclosure. These reports can be found on 
our website.
Code for Responsible Investing in South Africa (“CRISA”)
The CRISA 2 is a welcome improvement of the code that reaffirms 
principles for stewardship and responsible investment as a key component 
of the South African governance framework, with more of a focus on 
creating positive outcomes to address South Africa’s environmental and 
social challenges. 
93
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Appendix 3:  
Significant votes
The following table outlines Ninety One’s most significant votes, over the period 1 April 2023 to 31 March 2024.
Company Meeting date Meeting type Qualification
Aeci Ltd 30 May 2023 Annual Material holding
African Media Entertainment 24 Aug 2023 Annual Material holding
Alpha Namibia Namibia Industries 17 Nov 2023 Annual Material holding (dissenting vote to 
management)
Altron Ltd. 27 Jul 2023 Annual Material holding 
Amazon.com Inc 24 May 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Environmental, 
Social
Apple 28 Feb 2024 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Social
ArcelorMittal SA 02 May 2023 Annual Material company (high emitter)
AVI LTD 08 Nov 2023 Annual Engagement was held with company
Bank of America Corp. 25 Apr 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Environmental
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl B 06 May 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Environmental
BP PLC 27 Apr 2023 Annual Material company & Shareholder - 
ESG - Environmental
Brimstone Investments 29 May 2023 Annual Material holding 
Brimstone Investments 26 Feb 2024 Special Significant corporate transaction
Bunge Ltd. 05 Oct 2023 Special Significant corporate transaction
CA Sales Holdings 26 May 2023 Annual Material holding 
Charles Schwab Corp. 18 May 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Social
Citigroup Inc. 25 Apr 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Environmental, 
Social 
Danaher Corp. 09 May 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Social
Eli Lilly & Co. 01 May 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Social
Engie 26 Apr 2023 Annual/Special Shareholder - ESG - Environmental
Equinor ASA 10 May 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Environmental
Exxaro Resources Ltd. 18 May 2023 Annual Material company (dissenting vote to 
management)
Exxon Mobil Corp. 31 May 2023 Annual Material company
General Motors Co. 20 Jun 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Environmental
Glencore PLC 26 May 2023 Annual ESG - Environmental
Google Inc 02 Jun 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Environmental
Iberdrola S.A. 28 Apr 2023 Annual Material company
Intuit Inc. 18 Jan 2024 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Environmental
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 16 May 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Environmental
Mas PLC 07 Dec 2023 Annual Engagement was held with company
Master Drilling Group Ltd 13 Jul 2023 Annual Engagement was held with company
MasterCard Inc. Cl A 27 Jun 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Social
Meta Platforms, Inc. 31 May 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Social
Microsoft Corp. 07 Dec 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Social, 
Governance, Environmental
94
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Company Meeting date Meeting type Qualification
Morgan Stanley 19 May 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Environmental
Naspers Ltd. 24 Aug 2023 Annual Perceived conflict of interest
NextEra Energy Inc 18 May 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Social
NextEra Energy Inc 18 May 2023 Annual Engagement was held with company
Nike Inc. Cl B 12 Sep 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Social
Nordea Bank AB 21 Mar 2024 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Environmental
PepsiCo Inc. 03 May 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Environmental
PetroChina Co. Ltd. 08 Jun 2023 Annual Material company
Procter & Gamble Co. 10 Oct 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Social
Raytheon Co. 02 May 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Environmental
Remgro Ltd. 04 Dec 2023 Annual Engagement was held with company
SA Corporate Real Estate Fund 05 Jun 2023 Annual Material holding
Sasol Ltd 17 Nov 2023 Annual Material company (dissenting vote to 
management)
Sasol Ltd 19 Jan 2024 Annual Material company (dissenting vote to 
management)
Schneider Electric S.A. 04 May 2023 Annual/Special ESG - Environmental
Shell Plc 23 May 2023 Annual Material company
Shimamura Co. Ltd. 12 May 2023 Annual Material company
Shoprite Holdings Ltd 13 Nov 2023 Annual Engagement was held with company
Sibanye-Stillwater 26 May 2023 Annual Material company
Smart Metering Systems PLC 18 May 2023 Annual Engagement was held with company
Smart Metering Systems PLC 09 Jan 2024 Court Significant corporate transaction
Smart Metering Systems PLC 09 Jan 2024 Special Significant corporate transaction
Starbucks Corp. 13 Mar 2024 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Social
Stor-Age Property REIT Limited 31 Aug 2023 Annual Engagement was held with company
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. 29 Jun 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Environmental
Tencent Holdings Ltd. 17 May 2023 Annual Material holding
Texas Roadhouse Inc. 11 May 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Environmental
Thungela Resources 30 May 2023 Annual Material company
TotalEnergies SE 25 May 2023 Annual/Special Shareholder - ESG - Environmental
Valero Energy Corp 09 May 2023 Annual Shareholder - ESG - Environmental, 
Social
Weichai Power Co. Ltd. 28 Jun 2023 Annual Material holding
WH Group Ltd 06 Jun 2023 Annual Material company
Woolworths Holdings Ltd 22 Nov 2023 Annual Engagement was held with company
95
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Appendix 4:  
Engagements
The following list shows the companies that we engaged with over 
the reporting period. This includes strategic, general and advocacy 
engagements as described in our Active ownership section.
Environmental Social Governance
ABSA Botswana Yes Yes Yes
Accsys Technologies PLC Yes Yes
Activision Blizzard Inc Yes Yes
Adcock Ingram Holdings Ltd Yes Yes
Agronomics Yes
Ahli Bank Q.S.C. Yes
AIA Group Ltd Yes Yes Yes
Air Products & Chemicals Inc Yes Yes
Albania (Country) Yes
Alibaba Group Yes Yes
Align Technology Yes
Alpek SA de CV Yes Yes
American Express Co Yes
Anglo American PLC Yes Yes
Anglogold Ashanti Ltd Yes Yes
Angola (Country) Yes
ANSYS Inc Yes Yes
Antofagasta PLC Yes
AON Plc Yes Yes Yes
Aptiv Yes Yes
ArcelorMittal SA Yes Yes Yes
Ardagh Yes
ASML Holding N.V. Yes Yes Yes
ASPEED Technology Inc. Yes Yes
Assura PLC Yes Yes
AstraZeneca PLC Yes
Autodesk Inc. Yes Yes Yes
Avangrid Yes Yes
B2 Gold Yes Yes
Banco Mercantil del Norte, S.A. Yes Yes Yes
Bank Rakyat Indonesia Persero Tbk PT Yes Yes Yes
Barrick Gold Corp. Yes Yes
Bayer AG Yes
Beazley Plc Yes
Beiersdorf AG Yes
BHP Group Ltd Yes Yes Yes
Bid Corp Yes Yes
Booking Holdings Yes Yes
Bosideng International Holdings Ltd. Yes Yes
96
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Environmental Social Governance
BP PLC Yes Yes
Braskem S/A Yes Yes
Brazil (Country) Yes
Brigade CLO Manager Yes Yes Yes
British American Tobacco Yes
Burstone Property Yes
BYD Co. Ltd. Yes Yes
Cairn CLO Manager Yes Yes Yes
Capitec Yes Yes Yes
Carlisle Yes Yes
Carnival Corp. Yes
CERES INC. Yes
Champion Iron Ltd Yes
Charles Schwab Corp. Yes
Chile (Country) Yes Yes
China South Publishing & Media Group Yes Yes
Chongqing Fuling Zhacai Group Co., Ltd Yes Yes
Colombia (Country) Yes
Contemporary Amperex Technology Co CATL Yes Yes
Continental AG Yes
ConvaTec Group PLC Yes
Corteva Yes
Costa Rica (Country) Yes
CPI Property Yes
CRH Yes Yes Yes
Croda International PLC Yes Yes
Cushman & Wakefield Yes Yes
Danaher Corp. Yes Yes Yes
Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC Yes Yes
Delta Electronics Inc. Yes
Diageo PLC Yes
Diversified Energy Co PLC Yes Yes
Dolby Laboratories Yes Yes Yes
easyJet Yes
Ecopetrol SA Yes Yes Yes
Ecuador (Country) Yes
Edwards Lifesciences Corp. Yes
Egypt (Country) Yes
El Salvador (Country) Yes
Electronic Arts Inc. Yes Yes Yes
Elevance Health Yes Yes
Emaar Properties PJSC Yes Yes
Enel S.p.A. Yes
Equites Property Fund Yes
Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd Yes Yes
Estee Lauder Cos. Cl A Yes Yes
Evolution Mining Yes Yes
Experian PLC Yes
97
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Environmental Social Governance
Exxaro Resources Ltd. Yes Yes Yes
Exxon Mobil Corp. Yes Yes
FactSet Research Systems Inc Yes
Fevertree Drinks PLC Yes
Financiere Richemont Yes Yes
FirstRand Ltd. Yes
Fortress Income Fund Ltd Yes
Foshan Haitian Flavouring & Food Co Ltd Yes Yes
Franchise Brands Yes
Funding Circle Yes
GB Group PLC Yes Yes
Genomma Lab Internacional SAB de CV Yes Yes
Georgia (Country) Yes
Ghana (Country) Yes
Glencore PLC Yes Yes
Glodon Yes Yes Yes
Gold Fields Yes Yes Yes
Google Inc Yes
Grupo Ferrominero SA de CV Yes Yes Yes
Grupo Financiero Banorte SAB de CV Yes Yes
Hammerson PLC Yes
Hangzhou Oxygen Yes Yes
Hangzhou Tigermed Consulting Co Yes
Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd. Yes Yes
Havells India Ltd. Yes Yes Yes
HDFC Bank Ltd. Yes Yes Yes
HDFC Life Yes Yes
HeidelbergCement AG Yes
Heimstaden Bostad Yes
Hilton Food Group plc Yes
Hindustan Unilever Ltd. Yes Yes Yes
Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing Ltd. Yes Yes
HSBC Holdings PLC Yes
Hypera Yes Yes
Hyprop investments Ltd Yes
Iberdrola S.A. Yes Yes
IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. Yes
IGO Ltd Yes Yes
IHI Corp. Yes Yes
IHS Netherlands Yes
Illumina Inc. Yes
Impala Platinum Yes Yes Yes
Independence Group Yes Yes Yes
Industrias Penoles SAB de CV Yes
Industrie De Nora Yes Yes
Infineon Technologies AG Yes
Info Edge India Ltd. Yes Yes
Informa PLC Yes
98
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Environmental Social Governance
Intact Financial Corp. Yes
Intuit Inc. Yes Yes Yes
Investcorp CLO Manager Yes Yes Yes
Investec PLC Yes Yes
Investec Property Fund Ltd Yes
Irradiant Partners CLO Manager Yes Yes Yes
Itau Unibanco Holding SA Pref Yes Yes
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. Yes Yes
JET2 PLC Yes Yes
Johnson Matthey PLC Yes
JSE LTD Yes
Kazakhstan (Country) Yes
Kingdee International Software Group Co. Ltd. Yes Yes Yes
KLA Corp Yes Yes Yes
Kumba Iron Ore Ltd. Yes Yes Yes
KweiChow Moutai Co. Yes Yes
Leeno Industrial Inc. Yes Yes Yes
Letlole La Rona Limited Yes Yes Yes
Lloyds Banking Group PLC Yes Yes
Lojas Renner S/A Yes Yes Yes
L' O r e a l  S . A . Yes
MAS Real Estate Yes
MasterCard Inc. Cl A Yes Yes Yes
Mauser Packaging Solutions Yes
Medco Energi Internasional Tbk Yes
Meituan Dianping Yes Yes Yes
Melrose Industries PLC Yes
MercadoLibre Inc Yes Yes
Meta Platforms, Inc. Yes Yes Yes
Metair Investments Ltd Yes
Mexico (Country) Yes Yes Yes
Microsoft Corp. Yes
Minerva SA/Brazil Yes Yes
Mondi Yes
Monster Beverage Corp. Yes
Morgan Advanced Materials Yes Yes
Mozambique (Country) Yes
Multichoice Naspers Yes
Multiplan Empreendimentos Imobiliarios S/A Yes
Multiversity Yes Yes Yes
Nampak Ltd. Yes
Naspers Ltd., PRX LN Yes
National Grid PLC Yes
Nedbank Group Ltd Yes Yes
NEPI Rockcastle Yes
Netcare Ltd. Yes Yes
NetEase Inc Yes Yes
Neuberger Berman CLO Manager Yes Yes Yes
99
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Environmental Social Governance
NextEra Energy Inc Yes Yes
Nickel Industries Yes
Nigeria (Country) Yes
Nike Inc. Cl B Yes
Nobian Yes
Northam Platinum Ltd. Yes
Novozymes A/S Yes Yes
Nu Holdings Yes Yes Yes
NVIDIA Corp. Yes
OCI NV Yes Yes
Old Mutual PLC (SA) Yes
Orsted A/S Yes Yes
Oxford Instruments PLC Yes
Oxford Nanopore Technologies PLC Yes
Pacific Basin Shipping Limited Yes Yes
Paraguay (Country) Yes
Partners Group Holding AG Yes
Pepkor Holdings Yes
PetroChina Co. Ltd. Yes Yes
Petroleos Mexicanos Yes
Philip Morris International Inc. Yes
Ping An Insurance (Group) Co. of China Ltd. Yes Yes Yes
Power Grid Corp. of India Ltd. Yes
PPC Limited Yes Yes
PrimeTime Property Holding Limited Yes Yes Yes
Profine Yes
Prosus NV Yes
Qantas Airways Ltd. Yes Yes
Quilter PLC Yes
Raia Drogasil SA Yes Yes Yes
Raizen Yes
Redefine Properties Ltd. Yes
Reed Elsevier PLC Yes Yes
Remgro Ltd. Yes
Resorts World Las Vegas Yes
Rio Tinto PLC Yes Yes Yes
Roche Holding AG Yes
Rockwell Automation Inc. Yes Yes
Ryanair Holdings PLC Yes
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd Yes Yes
Santam Ltd Yes
Santos Ltd. Yes Yes
Sappi Limited Yes Yes
Sasol Ltd Yes Yes Yes
Saudi Arabian Oil Co Yes Yes
Schaeffler AG Yes
100
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Environmental Social Governance
Schneider Electric S.A. Yes Yes
Sea Limited Yes Yes
Sechaba Yes Yes Yes
Senegal (Country) Yes Yes Yes
Shell Plc Yes Yes
Shenzhen Mindray Yes
Shimamura Co. Ltd. Yes
Sibanye-Stillwater Yes Yes
Sirius Real Estate Ltd Yes Yes Yes
Smartfit Escola de Ginastica e Danca Yes
South 32 (SA Listing) Yes Yes Yes
South Korea (Country) Yes
Spear REIT Limited Yes
Standard Bank Group Yes Yes
Starbucks Corp. Yes Yes
Stor-Age Property REIT Limited Yes
Sungrow Power Supply Yes Yes Yes
Suzano Papel e Celulose S/A Yes
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ltd. Yes Yes
TE Connectivity Ltd. Yes Yes
Tencent Holdings Ltd. Yes Yes Yes
Texas Instruments Incorporated Yes Yes
The Foschini Group Ltd Yes
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. Yes Yes Yes
Thungela Yes Yes
TI Fluid Systems (LN listing) Yes
Tiger Brands Ltd Yes Yes
TK Elevator Yes
Total S.A. Yes Yes
Trane Technologies Yes Yes Yes
Tunisia (Country) Yes
Turk Telecom Yes
Turkey (Country) Yes
Turnstar Yes Yes Yes
Twenty-First Century Fox A Yes Yes
UnitedHealth Group Inc. Yes Yes
UPM-Kymmene Oyj Yes Yes
Uruguay (Country) Yes
Vale Yes Yes Yes
Veeva Systems Yes
Veralto Corp Yes
VeriSign Inc. Yes Yes
Vestas Wind Systems Yes
Victrex plc Yes
Viet Nam Dairy Products JSC Yes Yes
Visa Inc. Yes Yes
101
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Environmental Social Governance
Vitesco Technologies Yes Yes
Volkswagen AG Yes
Voltronic Power Technology Corp. Yes
Vukile Property Funds Ltd Yes
Waste Management Inc. Yes Yes Yes
Weichai Power Yes
WH Group Ltd Yes Yes
Wheaton Precious Metals Corp. Yes Yes
Woolworths Group Yes
Wuxi Lead Intelligent Equipment Yes Yes Yes
Xiaomi Yes Yes Yes
Xinyi Solar Holdings Yes Yes Yes
XP Inc Yes Yes Yes
YouGov PLC Yes
Zambia (Country) Yes
Zijin Mining Group Co. Ltd. Yes Yes Yes
102
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Engagement methods for 
the reporting period
Engagement options Extent of use Purpose Asset class
Engagement 
type
Letter to the board Global Communicate engagement 
purpose to the full board, record 
dialogue, build commitment
Equity, 
corporate debt
Strategic, 
general
Letter to the executive 
team
Most engagements, 
no regional difference
Communicate engagement 
purpose, set out risk reduction or 
value-creating opportunities, build 
commitment
Equity, 
corporate debt
Strategic, 
general
Annual corporate 
dialogue by company 
or investor
Regular dialogue; 
globally but with 
awareness of 
regional differences 
in governance and 
culture
Communicate governance 
developments such as succession 
planning, remuneration policy 
change and better understanding of 
information
Equity, 
corporate debt
General
Focused, targeted 
dialogue with Chair, 
Lead Independent 
Director or Chair of 
Board Committee
When required; global 
but with awareness of 
regional differences 
in governance and 
culture
To build and secure commitment for 
an engagement goal
Equity, 
corporate debt
Strategic
Public statement When required; globalAn option to clarify engagement 
purpose and renew progress
Equity, 
corporate debt, 
sovereign fixed 
income
Strategic, 
advocacy
Shareholder resolution We did not file a 
shareholder resolution 
during the period
To encourage shareholders to 
support an AGM resolution that 
can materially contribute to the 
engagement goal
Equity Strategic
Collaboration Advocacy and 
strategic engagement 
where appropriate 
to the engagement 
strategy; global
We build collaboration into our 
engagement strategy where we 
believe it will help secure our 
engagement goal
Equity, 
sovereign fixed 
income
Strategic, 
advocacy
Other letters Advocacy 
engagements; global
Encourage commitment for better 
disclosure and action to reduce 
systemic risk
Equity, 
sovereign fixed 
income
Strategic, 
general, 
advocacy
103
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Appendix 5:  
Advocacy initiatives 
Organisation Start date Key focus Our role
Access to Medicine 
Foundation
2023 To have a positive impact on expanding 
access to medicine and encourage 
essential healthcare companies to do 
more to reach people in low- and middle-
income countries.
Ninety One has pledged support to 
the Foundation’s research and signed 
the Access to Medicine Index Investor 
Statement. 
Assessing Sovereign 
Climate related 
Opportunities and Risks 
(“ASCOR”) project
2021 Develop an assessment framework for 
sovereigns’ performance and governance 
as they transition – this includes the 
consideration of a just transition. 
We are working with the ASCOR project 
to better assess sovereign alignment and 
sovereign carbon transition risks. Over the 
year, we contributed to the development of 
the ASCOR tool.
Association for Savings 
and Investment South 
Africa (ASISA)
2008 To ensure that the South African savings 
and investment industry remains relevant 
and sustainable into the future in the 
interest of its members, the country and 
its citizens.
We actively participate in collaborative 
engagements and working groups and 
serve on the Responsible Investment 
Committee. Thabo Khojane, Managing 
Director for our South African business, 
is a member of ASISA's board and several 
committees, include the Executive 
Committee.
Chatham House Asia-
Pacific Programme
2018 The programme provides objective 
analysis of the key issues affecting South 
Asia, Southeast Asia, East Asia and the 
Pacific, engaging decision-makers 
and undertaking original research with 
partners in the region to inform and 
influence positive policy decisions.
We aim to actively contribute to 
conversations with academics, diplomats 
and policymakers.
CDP 2010 To enable companies, cities, states and 
regions to measure and manage their 
environmental impacts.
We are involved in engagements with 
companies regarding their disclosure to 
CDP. In 2023, 8% of the companies we 
engaged with on climate committed to 
disclose to CDP.
Climate Action 100+ 2018 An investor initiative to ensure the world’s 
largest corporate greenhouse gas 
emitters take necessary action on climate 
change.
We are involved in collaborative 
engagements with companies to ensure 
they are minimising and disclosing the risks 
presented by climate change. We co-lead 
on four companies and participate in a 
working group on one engagement.
Climate Bonds Initiative 2021 An international organisation working 
to mobilise the bond market, for climate 
change solutions
We contribute to advocacy aligned with our 
investment thinking, policy advocacy and 
industry collaboration
Crisis Group 2014 The International Crisis Group is an 
independent organisation working to 
prevent wars and shape policies that 
will build a more peaceful world. Crisis 
Group sounds the alarm to prevent deadly 
conflict.
We leverage Crisis Group’s expertise 
in our investment decision-making 
and engagements. We work to create 
awareness and broaden Crisis Group’s 
support base. We are involved with the 
group’s Ambassador Council and are 
members of its Peacebuilding Society.
104
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Organisation Start date Key focus Our role
Emerging Markets 
Investor Alliance
2019 Enables institutional emerging market 
investors to support good governance, 
promote sustainable development, and 
improve investment performance in the 
governments and companies in which 
they invest.
We support the initiative and are involved 
in its working groups, particularly relating 
to fiscal transparency, leading on some and 
participating in others.
FAIRR 2019 To raise awareness of the material 
ESG risks and opportunities caused by 
intensive livestock production.
We participate in collaborative 
conversations to identify and engage on 
material ESG risks and opportunities in 
global protein supply chains.
Glasgow Financial 
Alliance for Net Zero 
(GFANZ)
2021 Brings together firms from the leading net 
zero initiatives across the financial system 
to accelerate the transition to net zero 
emissions by 2050 at the latest.
We are active members of multiple working 
groups: ‘private capital mobilization’; 
‘managed phase-out’ and ‘portfolio 
alignment metrics’ and contributed to 
multiple public engagements as thought 
leaders on emerging market transition 
investing.
Global Climate Financial 
Centre (GCFC)
2021 By collaborating to develop and scale 
key policy and regulatory frameworks, 
prudent management systems and deep 
green finance expertise, the GCFC will 
drive the transformation of the UAE’s 
financial markets and its institutions 
towards a greener and more sustainable 
future.
We are part of the Governance working 
group as the GCFC sets up its operational 
structure and have been contributing 
to the build out of the workstreams and 
deliverables of the centre.
Global Investor 
Commission on Mining 
2030
2023 A multi-stakeholder Commission, which 
recognises the mining industry’s role in 
the transition to a low carbon economy, 
and the need for the industry to manage 
systemic risks which threaten its social 
license to operate.
We participate through the investor 
steering committee. 
Impact Investing Institute 2019 Works to increase awareness and interest 
in impact investing. Provide research and 
tools to support investors and advocate 
for policy and regulation that make it 
easier to invest with impact, alongside 
financial return.
We were a founding supporter of the 
initiative and in the last year we have 
participated in the development of the Just 
Transition label criteria.
Institute of International 
Finance (IIF)
2021 Supports the financial industry in the 
management to risks, to develop sound 
industry practices and to advocate 
for regulatory, financial and economic 
policies that are in the broad interest of 
its members and foster global financial 
stability and sustainable economic 
growth. 
We participate in global membership 
meetings and collaborative efforts on 
global financial policy and regulatory 
matters.
Institutional Investors 
Group on Climate 
Change (IIGCC)
2018 To provide investors with a collaborative 
platform to encourage public policies, 
investment practices and corporate 
behaviour that address long-term risks 
and opportunities associated with climate 
change.
We are a participant in the organisation, 
which includes taking part in engagements 
and providing information for thought 
papers. We continue to co-chair the 
Investor Practices programme and 
participate in the net zero implementation 
and corporate bond stewardship working 
groups.
105
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Organisation Start date Key focus Our role
The Investment 
Association (UK)
2002 To help the industry support the economy 
with stable, long-term finance, ensuring 
investors have access to fair and effective 
markets and embedding the highest 
standards of sustainable governance in 
the UK.
We are full members and take part in 
various working groups. 
The Investor Forum 2017 To position stewardship at the heart of 
investment decision-making by facilitating 
dialogue, creating long-term solutions and 
enhancing value.
We participate in targeted strategic 
governance engagements. We have 
participated in several collective 
engagements over the year.
Investor Leadership 
Network
2022 A collaborative platform for investors 
interested in addressing sustainability 
and long-term growth across three 
workstreams: sustainable infrastructure, 
diversity in investment and climate 
change.
We contribute to the three workstreams: 
private capital mobilisation, diversity equity 
and inclusion and climate change.
National Business 
Initiative
2022 To work towards sustainable growth and 
development in South Africa and shape 
a sustainable future through responsible 
business action.
We contribute to the working groups 
focused on South Africa’s net-zero 
transition and transition finance. We 
sponsored the NBI South African pavilion 
at COP27.
Nature Action 100 2023 To drive greater corporate ambition and 
action to reverse nature and biodiversity 
loss.
We have joined a collaborative 
engagement looking to improve nature 
related disclosures across a list of focus 
companies. 
Net Zero Asset Managers 
Initiative (NZAMI)
2021 The Net Zero Asset Managers initiative is 
an international group of asset managers 
committed to supporting the goal of net 
zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 
or sooner, in line with global efforts to limit 
warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius; and to 
supporting investing aligned with net zero 
emissions by 2050 or sooner.
We are a signatory to the initiative and 
have set firmwide net zero targets. We 
have submitted our targets to the initiative 
and report on progress annually.
PRI 2008 To understand the implications of ESG 
factors and to support investor signatories 
in incorporating them into the investment 
process. 
We are a signatory, participate in 
workstreams and present at UNPRI events. 
We have taken part in various collaborative 
engagements.
Responsible Investment 
Association (RIA) 
Canada
2021 To promote responsible investment in 
Canada’s retail and institutional markets.
We aim to support the RIA to deliver on 
its mandate of advancing responsible 
investment in Canada.
Say on Climate 2020 It is a collaborative effort between asset 
managers, asset owners, companies 
and other stakeholders to encourage 
companies to voluntarily submit their 
Climate Risk Transition Plan to a vote at 
their annual general meeting. We believe 
the ‘Say on Climate’ initiative will improve 
dialogue between companies and 
investors allowing shareholders to better 
assess the strength of the companies’ 
plans to address climate risk in their 
businesses.
In 2020, Ninety One became the first listed 
asset manager to become a signatory on 
the ‘Say on Climate’ initiative. We advocate 
for the uptake of an advisory resolution on 
transition plans at AGMs.
106
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Organisation Start date Key focus Our role
SOAS China Institute 2021 The Institute promotes interdisciplinary, 
critically informed research and teaching 
on China; it channels the unrivalled 
breadth and depth of expertise across 
a wide spectrum of disciplines on China 
to the wider worlds of government and 
business.
We aim to actively contribute to 
conversations with academics, diplomats 
and policy makers.
Sustainable Markets 
Initiative (SMI)
2021 It aims to lead and accelerate the world's 
transition to a sustainable future by 
engaging and challenging public, private 
and philanthropic sectors to bring 
economic value in harmony with social 
and environmental sustainability. 
We are participants in the transition 
working group under the Asset Manager/
Asset Owner Taskforce. This year we 
led the development of the Transition 
Categorisation framework.
Sustainable Trading 
Initiative
2021 It aims to transform ESG practices within 
the financial markets trading industry. 
The network brings firms together to 
devise practical solutions to industry-
specific ESG issues as well as providing 
a mechanism for self-assessment and 
benchmarking.
We are part of the Founder Member Group 
and attend meetings and working groups. 
Ninety One’s Global Head of Trading is an 
active board member.
Task Force on Climate-
related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD)
2018 To develop consistent climate-related 
financial risk disclosures for use by 
companies, banks, and investors in 
providing information to stakeholders.
We are a supporter of the 
recommendations and produce a TCFD 
report, which can be found within our 
Integrated Annual Report.
Task Force on Nature-
related Financial 
Disclosures (TNFD) 
Forum
2022 To develop and deliver a risk 
management and disclosure framework 
for organisations to report and act on 
evolving nature-related risks, with the 
ultimate aim of supporting a shift in global 
financial flows away from nature-negative 
outcomes and toward nature-positive 
outcomes.
We aim to support any consultative work 
to develop the TNFD recommendations, 
including through our participation in the 
TNFD forum.
Thinking Ahead Institute 2019 To mobilise capital for a sustainable 
future. Its members comprise asset 
owners, asset managers and other 
groups motivated to influence the 
industry for the good of savers 
worldwide.
We are a founding member and participate 
in the Institute’s working groups. 
Transition Pathway 
Initiative (TPI)
2019 To assess companies’ preparedness for 
the transition to a low-carbon economy, 
supporting efforts to address climate 
change.
We support the initiative and use the data 
it produces to assist our efforts to better 
understand climate risks and opportunities.
World Benchmarking 
Alliance (WBA)
2017 WBA has set out to develop 
transformative benchmarks that will 
compare companies' performance on 
the Sustainable Development Goals.
Our Chief Executive Officer, Hendrik du 
Toit is a Champion, and we participate 
in working groups contributing to the 
benchmark work. We contribute to the Just 
Transition benchmark collective impact 
coalition.
107
Sustainability and Stewardship Report
Appendix 6:  
Principles for Responsible Investing 
Ninety One has been a signatory to the PRI since 2008. As such, we are required to 
report annually on our responsible investment practices through the PRI Transparency 
report. The assessment of the Transparency report aims to fulfil three main objectives: 
 ɽ Facilitate learning and development, outlining how signatories’ implementation of 
responsible investment compares year-on-year, across asset classes, and with peers 
at the local and global level. 
 ɽ Identify how signatories can improve their responsible investing practices. 
 ɽ  Allow asset owners to focus their discussions with investment managers on 
responsible investment activities and capabilities. 
A summary of our 2023 Assessment results is shown below: 
Module
Module 
score 
(/100)
Median 
module 
score (/100)*
Star 
score (/5)
Median 
star 
score (/5)*
Policy, Governance and Strategy 95 60 5 3
Direct Listed Equity – Active Fundamental 84 71 4 4
Direct Fixed Income – SSA 98 59 5 3
Direct Fixed Income – Corporate 98 68 5 4
Direct Fixed Income – Private Debt 89 69 4 4
Direct Infrastructure 96 79 5 4
Confidence Building Measures 70 80 4 4
*Median scores are based on results from all PRI signatories.  
Source: Ninety One’s 2023 PRI Assessment Report.
Please read the above scores in conjunction with Ninety One’s full PRI Transparency report  
and Assessment report.
Important information
The information in this report may cover general market activity or industry trends and is not intended to be relied upon as a 
forecast, research or investment advice. The economic and market views presented herein reflect Ninety One’s judgment 
as at the date shown and are subject to change without notice.
There is no guarantee that views and opinions expressed will be correct, and Ninety One’s intentions to buy or sell particular 
securities in the future may change. The investment views, analysis and market opinions expressed may not reflect those 
of Ninety One as a whole, and different views may be expressed based on different investment objectives. Ninety One has 
prepared this communication based on internally developed data, public and third-party sources. Although we believe the 
information obtained from public and third-party sources to be reliable, it may not have been independently verified, and we 
cannot guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Ninety One’s internal data may not be audited.
Nothing herein should be construed as an offer to enter into any contract, investment advice, a recommendation of 
any kind, a solicitation of clients, or an offer to invest in any particular fund, product, investment vehicle or derivative. 
Investment involves risks. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Any decision to invest in strategies 
described herein should be made after reviewing the offering document and conducting such investigation as an investor 
deems necessary and consulting its own legal, accounting and tax advisors in order to make an independent determination 
of suitability and consequences of such an investment. This material does not purport to be a complete summary of all the 
risks associated with the strategies mentioned. A description of risks associated with these strategies can be found in the 
offering or other disclosure documents. Copies of such documents are available free of charge upon request.
The Report may include statements that are, or may be deemed to be, ‘forward-looking statements’. These forward-
looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms ‘believes’, ‘estimates’, 
‘plans’, ‘projects’, ‘anticipates’, ‘expects’, ‘intends’, ‘may’, ‘will’ or ‘should’ or, in each case, their negative or other variations 
or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, goals, future events or intentions. Forward-
looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect 
Ninety One’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other 
risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to Ninety One’s business, results of operations, financial position, liquidity, 
prospects, growth and strategies. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Ninety One 
expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking 
statements contained in this report or any other forward-looking statements it may make whether as a result of new 
information, future developments or otherwise.
Except as otherwise authorised, this information may not be shown, copied, transmitted, or otherwise given to any third 
party without Ninety One’s prior written consent. © 2024 Ninety One. All rights reserved. Issued by Ninety One, June 2024.
Specific Portfolio Names   
References to particular investments or strategies are for illustrative purposes only and should not be seen as a buy, sell or 
hold recommendation. Unless stated otherwise, the specific securities listed or discussed are included as representative 
of the Strategy. Such references are not a complete list and other positions, strategies, or vehicles may experience results 
which differ, perhaps materially, from those presented herein due to different investment objectives, guidelines, or market 
conditions. The securities or investment products mentioned in this document may not have been registered in any 
jurisdiction. More information is available upon request.
108
Sustainability and Stewardship Report108
CS_590 05/2024
109
Sustainability and Stewardship Report109
Australia
Level 28 Suite 3, Chiﬂey Tower
2 Chiﬂey Square
Sydney, NSW 2000
Telephone: +61 2 9160 8400
australia@ninetyone.com 
Botswana
Plot 64289, First floor
Tlokweng Road, Fairgrounds
Gaborone
PO Box 49
Botswana
Telephone: +267 318 0112
botswanaclientservice@ninetyone.com 
Channel Islands 
PO Box 250, St Peter Port
Guernsey, GY1 3QH
Telephone: +44 (0)1481 710 404
enquiries@ninetyone.com 
Germany
Bockenheimer Landstraße 23
60325 Frankfurt am Main
Telephone: +49 (0)69 7158 5900
deutschland@ninetyone.com 
Hong Kong
Suites 1201-1206, 12/F 
One Pacific Place
88 Queensway, Admiralty
Telephone: +852 2861 6888
hongkong@ninetyone.com 
South Africa
36 Hans Strijdom Avenue
Foreshore, Cape Town 8001
Telephone: +27 (0)21 901 1000
enquiries@ninetyone.com
Sweden
Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15, 
111 53 Stockholm
Telephone: +46 8 502 438 20
enquiries@ninetyone.com 
Switzerland
Dufourstrasse 49
8008 Zurich
Telephone: +41 44 262 00 44
enquiries@ninetyone.com 
United Kingdom
55 Gresham Street
London, EC2V 7EL
Telephone: +44 (0)20 3938 1900
enquiries@ninetyone.com 
United States
Park Avenue Tower, 65 East 55th Street
New York, 10022
US Toll Free: +1 800 434 5623
usa@ninetyone.com 
www.ninetyone.com
Telephone calls may be recorded for training, monitoring and regulatory purposes 
and to confirm investors’ instructions. 
For more details please visit www.ninetyone.com/contactus    
Namibia
Am Weinberg Estate
Winterhoek Building
1st Floor, West Office
13 Jan Jonker Avenue
Windhoek
Telephone: +264 (61) 389 500
namibia@ninetyone.com
Singapore 
138 Market Street
CapitaGreen #27-02
Singapore 048946 
Telephone: +65 6653 5550
singapore@ninetyone.com
Luxembourg
2-4, Avenue Marie-Thérèse
L-2132 Luxembourg
Telephone: +352 28 12 77 20
enquiries@ninetyone.com 
Netherlands
Johan de Wittlaan 7
2517 JR Den Haag
Netherlands
Telephone: +31 70 701 3652
enquiries@ninetyone.com
