ACCELERATING TO A LOW CARBON WORLD
Our Net-Zero
Carbon Strategy
1
“We are passionate about 
protecting the future of our planet. 
Our ambitious carbon strategy 
sets to accelerate our progress 
towards net zero carbon during 
this crucial decade of action.”
Ewan Andrew
PRESIDENT, GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN & PROCUREMENT 
AND CHIEF SUSTAINABILITY OFFICER
2
Contents
This strategy sets out the steps we need to 
take to meet our ambitious commitments 
that are aligned to our bold future vision. We 
are proud to share the actions we are taking 
to ensure we go beyond delivering against 
our targets, in what the United Nations has 
declared the critical ‘Decade of Action’.
Context  03
Our Progress 04
Our Journey to Net Zero 05
Our Commitment 06
Our Approach 07
Measuring Performance 17
Supporting Documents 18
Glossary 18
Context
Diageo fully supports the Paris Agreement, 
the COP 26 Glasgow Climate Pact and 
we are a proud signatories to the Business 
Ambition for limiting global warming to 1.5°C 
above pre-industrial levels and the High 
Level Climate Champions Race to Resilience. 
Ensuring we meet this pathway is vital for 
mitigating our impact 
and reducing the damaging changes 
to people and our planet, that climate 
change can bring.
Our approach to achieving our ambitious 
emission reduction targets, as set out in this 
strategy, highlights our commitment to acting 
with urgency and decisiveness. Core to our 
strategy is prioritising direct action to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions and getting as 
close to absolute zero as possible, only 
neutralising residual emissions.
Accelerating to a low carbon world is part 
of Society 2030: Spirt of Progress - our 10-
year ESG action plan for creating a more 
inclusive and sustainable world. Society 2030 
encompasses our goal to mitigate and adapt 
to climate change through our commitment 
to pioneer ‘Grain to Glass’ sustainability. 
In the communities where we live, work, 
source and sell we are committed to 
supporting a just transition, underpinned by 
our inclusivity & diversity goals, to ensure 
we improve human and social capital whilst 
meeting our decarbonisation goals.
Our emission reduction strategy recognises 
the inherent linkages between moving 
to a low carbon world and our other priorities 
such as protecting water resources, enhancing 
biodiversity and driving innovation throughout 
our supply chain to reduce emissions and our 
reliance on the earth’s finite resources. 
We acknowledge that this net zero strategy 
supports a wider business approach 
to managing climate impacts. By prioritising 
both mitigation (reducing our contribution 
to climate change) and adaptation 
(proactively responding to a changing climate 
and its impact on our business and the 
farming communities we depend on for our 
raw materials and ingredients), we aim to find 
a resilient and equitable pathway 
to a low carbon world. Reporting our climate 
related progress publicly every year against 
recognized frameworks such as CDP and 
TCFD demonstrates our ongoing commitment.
We have taken steps over many years 
to understand and address climate change 
impacts through our work on championing 
sustainability. Our approach to becoming 
a more sustainable business is framed by 
the UN Sustainable Development Goals, 
with Goal 7 ‘Affordable and Clean Energy’, 
and Goal 13 ‘Climate Action’ being 
a particular focus area for accelerate 
to a low carbon world.
3
Accelerating to a
Low Carbon World
The global climate is already changing, with governments 
and scientists across the world declaring that humanity           
is in a climate emergency. We need significant science-based 
action to create a sustainable low carbon future and limit 
the damaging effects of climate change.
50% 30%
Our Progress
4
2007
New sustainability 
targets announced
2015
Sustainability and responsibility 
targets refreshed and new value 
chain emission target created
2020
2020 Targets Achieved 
New Scope 3 baseline reflecting 
improved data quality
Diageo 2007 to 2020
GHG emission reduction achievements
• Fuel & energy related activities
• Waste generated in operations
• Business Travel
• Employee commuting
• End of life treatment of sold products
Total Value Chain Emissions
4,587 kt CO2e 
Supply Chain
492 kt CO2e 
Direct Operations
90% 10%
10%
Total Value 
Chain Emissions
5,079 kt CO₂e 
Electricity, Stream, Heating & Cooling
0.6%
Onsite Energy Consumption & 
Vehicles Related to Direct Operations
9.1%
Transport & Logistics (Upstream & Downstream)
9%
2%
Raw Materials
30%
Packaging
34%
Purchased ServicesCapital Goods
8%4%
Chiller & Cooling
3%
Scope 1 + 2 Scope 3
We have made significant progress 
in tackling our greenhouse gas emissions. 
Since 2007 we have halved our GHG 
emissions across direct operations and 
achieved a reduction of one third in absolute 
GHG emissions across our total value chain, 
achieving our ambitious 2020 sustainability 
& responsibility emission reduction targets.
To make sure we can measure and monitor 
future progress against our ambitious targets, 
we are addressing climate change in a data-
led and systemic way. We have worked hard 
to improve the way we collect data on GHG 
emissions and are actively encouraging our 
suppliers to do the same.
Better data has allowed us to set more 
stretching targets on a new baseline year 
of financial year 2020, that are grounded 
in science and will stimulate change.
Our emissions data collection, accounting, 
and target setting is undertaken 
in accordance with the WRI/WBCSD 
Greenhouse Gas Reporting and Diageo’s 
reporting methodologies and protocols.
We have already made a considerable 
reduction in our Scope 1 GHG emissions 
(emissions from on-site energy consumption 
and owned vehicles relating to our direct 
operations), as well as our Scope 2 emissions 
(emissions from the electricity, steam, heating 
and cooling that we purchase), by reducing 
our energy demand, and by increasing our 
use of renewable energy.
We’ve also partnered with our suppliers 
to reduce our Scope 3 GHG emissions 
(emissions related to our supply chain 
activities), including through reducing 
emissions from raw materials and packaging, 
in concert with our sustainable packaging 
targets.
Our 2020 emissions footprint encompasses 
the impact of our products across our 
value chain, providing us with an accurate 
understanding of where we are now, and 
more importantly, what we need to focus 
on going forwards.

Net-Zero 
Emissions
For illustrative purposes only. Total Value Chain GHG Emissions
 (tonnes CO2e)
20502020
Re-baselined emissions at 
start of decade of action
2030 2040
Carbon Removals
Our approach is to directly abate GHG 
emissions but it will also be necessary 
to neutralize residual emissions and also to 
compensate emissions on our journey to 
net zero and beyond.
Taking action in this area is based on 
best practice guidance, focusing on high-
quality, nature-based solutions that don’t 
just remove carbon from the atmosphere, 
but also have wider co-benefits. Prioritising 
emission removals in our own value chain 
is also important as we continue to support 
a number of projects in our Society 2030: 
Spirit of Progress action plan.
While the number of voluntary carbon 
credits we buy is relatively small, we use 
recognised standards such as the Gold 
Standard or Verra, who aim to ensure 
that projects that remove carbon from 
the atmosphere also deliver benefits for 
people and the planet in line with the UN 
Sustainable Development Goals. This is 
an evolving space - we are committed to 
keeping up to date and following the most 
credible route for carbon removal.
5
Our Pathway to
   Net Zero
1.5°C Paris Aligned Pathway
Net Value Chain Emissions (incl. Offsets) 
Total Value Chain Emissions 
(incl. Scopes 1, 2 & 3, and no offsets)
Allowable Removal Credits/ 
Offsets to meet Science Based Targets
Voluntary Compensation Credits/Offsets
We’re proud to have committed to 
achieving net zero emissions across our 
direct operations and value chain by 2050 
or sooner and have built our targets to 
align with a pathway that limits the global 
temperature rise to less than 1.5°C.
We are focused on direct abatement of 
carbon emissions, like reducing energy use 
and switching to renewable energy, as this 
is what is needed to reduce our absolute 
GHG emissions. While we continue to 
emphasize reducing emissions from our own 
operations, we are also extending GHG 
emission reduction efforts to areas that we 
can influence across our value chain, such 
as GHG emissions from our sourcing of raw 
materials, packaging and logistics.
Reaching net zero is our ultimate goal 
but we do acknowledge that after our 
decarbonisation action there will be some 
residual emissions that it is simply not 
feasible to eliminate. We will neutralise these 
residual emissions (approximately 5-10% of 
baseline emissions) to reach and maintain a 
state of net zero.
We are following a science based pathway 
and will continue to revise our approach 
and plans in the transition to net zero. Using 
the most up to date climate science & 
guidance, from organisations like Science 
Based Targets initiative (SBTi), will help us 
drive impactful climate action.
Diageo recognizes the important role that 
climate finance plays in funding and scaling 
climate-based solutions and as such will 
review opportunities to support beyond 
value chain mitigation. We support projects 
with multiple co-benefits, delivering more 
than just our net zero transition, particularly 
where it might have site, brand or company 
relevance.
Net Zero Emissions 
across Diageo and our 
supply chain
[Scopes
  1+2+3] 
Net Zero Emissions in 
Direct Operations 
50% Supply Chain 
Emission Reduction
[Scope 1+2] 
 [Scope 3]

Our Commitment 
As part of our 2030: Spirit of Progress ambitions, 
our emissions reduction targets for 2030 are:
6
We are aiming high, to achieve Net Zero 
GHG Emissions across our entire business 
and value chain by 2050 or sooner. This 
means that the greenhouse gases we emit 
as a business and those that we remove 
from the atmosphere balance out to zero, 
and we only neutralise residual emissions.
Our target to achieve Net Zero emissions 
across our Direct Operations (Scopes 
1+2) is an acceleration on our full net 
zero journey where we have the most 
control and the ability to make significant 
reductions quickly.
Making a 95%+ absolute GHG Emission 
reduction on our 2020 baseline is a 
significant undertaking but this is the 
science-based path needed in this 
decade of action.
Core to our approach is innovation to help 
influence the changes needed to create 
and develop tomorrow’s low-carbon 
solutions. Find out more here.
Our commitments are deliberately bold to 
prompt us to act decisively, to give us the 
credibility to be an advocate for global 
climate action.
To help us achieve our net zero target, we will 
need to use 100% renewable energy. This 
means moving away from fossil-fuels such as 
oil and natural gas to protect the earth’s natural 
and finite resources, as well as protecting the 
atmosphere from the damaging greenhouse 
gases that burning fossil fuels releases. We’ve 
already phased out the use of coal in our 
operations and are progressing quickly to using 
only renewable energy everywhere we operate, 
building on our successes to achieve 83% of 
electricity from renewable sources and a total of 
41% renewable energy overall. In 2016 we joined 
RE100 and are well on our way to achieving 
our 100% renewable electricity target by 2030. 
We commit to prioritising energy reductions and 
embedding efficiencies into the way we work.
Our 2030 emission reduction targets have been approved by Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) as meeting a 1.5°C mitigation pathway. These near term, science 
based targets put us on track to achieve our longer term full net zero commitment in this important decade of action. By driving down our own emissions using an 
approved science based approach we are setting the bar high but we know absolute emission reduction is good for the planet.
The SBTi defines and promotes best practice in emissions reductions and net-zero targets in line with climate science. They independently assess and approve companies’ 
targets, providing key clarity & guidance, to ensure that targets translate into action that is consistent with achieving a net-zero world by no later than 2050.
50% Reduction in 
Supply Chain Emissions 
(Scope 3)
Net Zero Emissions 
Across Direct Operations 
(Scope 1 & 2)
100% Renewable 
Energy for Own 
Operations
Our biggest opportunity to take climate action 
is through our whole ‘grain to glass’ value chain, 
focusing not only on the emissions that we have 
direct control over but also playing a role in 
helping to reduce emissions across our supply 
chain (Scope 3) by half by 2030. Our supply chain 
emissions are by far the biggest part of our carbon 
footprint. 
Halving our supply chain absolute emissions from 
a 2020 baseline year is certainly ambitious and it 
is also aligned to a science based 1.5oC pathway 
too.
We will partner with our suppliers on renewable 
energy solutions, innovative design and 
regenerative agriculture to help drive efficiencies 
and emissions reductions.

7
NET-ZERO EMISSION  
PATHWAY
THIRD PARTY OPERATIONS
PARTNERING
 
WITH SUPPLIERS
ALLIANCES &  
COLLABORATIONS
EMPLOYEES
LOCAL COMMUNITIES
NATURAL ENVIRONMENT
INDUSTRY LEADERSHIP
ACCELERATE
 
CLIMATE ACTION
BRAND SUSTAINABILITY
RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY
RENEWABLE FUEL & HEAT
ENERGY EFFICIENCY
OPERATIONS SUPPLY CHAIN
ADVOCACY
COMMUNITY
Operations
We are working to minimise the emissions 
in our own sites and operations across 
the world to achieve net zero carbon in 
our direct operations by 2030. The key 
to helping us achieve this is embedding 
energy efficiency into the way we work, 
and working towards using 100% 
renewable electricity, fuel and heat.
Our
Approach
Our strategic approach 
is underpinned by four 
key pillars of action:
Advocacy
We are an industry leader on climate 
change action, inspiring others to join 
us in the path to net zero. We support 
several critical alliances, goals and 
pledges that advocate the rapid global 
transition to a low carbon economy 
necessary to fight climate change. 
We know we can’t do it alone, which 
is why we are focusing on building 
collective action across our industry, 
engaging with our peers, representative 
bodies & governments to enable a just 
transition, and importantly accelerate 
decarbonization outcomes.
Community
We are engaging with the communities 
where we live, work, source and sell 
on climate action. Our ‘grain to glass’ 
sustainability ambition is enabled by 
all stakeholders & groups, from our 
own employees to our customers & 
consumers. Fundamentally important is 
our work to understand and improve the 
natural environment. We are using our 
climate goals to extend our influence and 
support the societal shift needed to fight 
climate change.
Supply Chain
Enabling emission reductions across our 
supply chain (90% of total value chain 
footprint) is especially important to reach 
the shared net zero goal. We are targeting 
opportunities that decarbonise the 
materials we buy, and the products and 
services we source, to lower the carbon 
emissions of our brand value chains.
We are building strong alliances 
and collaborations, forming long 
lasting partnerships with our suppliers,               
zco-investing where necessary, to join us 
on this journey. This essential engagement 
underpins the target to reduce scope 3 
emissions by 50% by 2030.
In 2021 Diageo successfully piloted                     
a significantly lower carbon footprint glass 
bottle produced for one of our Scotch Whisky 
brands. We produced 173,000 bottles with 
100% recycled glass, using waste-based 
biofuel-powered furnaces – reducing the 
carbon footprint of glass bottle by up to 90%.    
Looking to 2030, we will continue innovating, 
to re-think the way we produce and package 
our products to minimise their impact.
8
Supply Chain 
CASE STUDY
9
Supply
Chain
Around 30,000 direct suppliers from more than 
100 countries provide us with the materials, 
expertise, and other resources that help us 
make our great brands. Many of those direct 
suppliers themselves have an extensive supply 
chain, connecting us with thousands more 
farmers and businesses.
We can make a significant impact by rethinking 
our way of doing business to embed a more 
collaborative & circular way we source the 
materials & services that we rely on. The 
following principles will enable us to deliver 
transformative ways of working across our 
supply chain.
Accelerate 
Decarbonisation 
with Suppliers
Working with suppliers 
across a spectrum of 
opportunities to help 
reduce carbon intensity 
of materials, services and 
products
Alternative 
Formats
Through changing raw 
materials, packaging 
materials, increasing 
recycled content & 
shipping differently
New Business Models
Through maximising re-use 
& refill opportunities and 
local bottling & dispense 
systems
Responsible Sourcing
Integrating a high level of social 
and environmental standards into 
our supply chains to enable shared 
outcomes
Reduction Initiatives
Through practices like light weighting 
packaging, designing out waste              
& making our business more efficient
H2
Partnering with Our 
Suppliers & Third Parties
We welcome new thinking to advance a world that 
protects and restores our natural resources, and we 
want to collaborate with our suppliers to innovate 
and decarbonise. Our emissions targets form part 
of our Partnering with Suppliers standard and are 
reflected in our sustainable procurement practices.
To accelerate action and collaboration in this 
area, we are sharing some of the sustainability 
challenges we are facing through our Diageo 
Sustainable Solutions programme. To find out more 
about the disruptive solutions or breakthrough 
technologies that are helping us on this platform 
click here.
We actively encourage our suppliers to participate 
in emissions reporting through our membership 
of the CDP Supply Chain programme. We are 
also developing webinars, toolkits and training 
programmes for our suppliers to build capability 
that will help drive further emissions reductions.
30%
10
Raw Material Emissions
Emissions from the production and processing of 
our raw materials contribute almost a third to our 
total value chain footprint. To reduce emissions 
associated with raw materials we will:
• Reduce the amount of resources being used by 
cutting down in-field emissions through more 
efficient and regenerative farming practices, 
reducing waste through circular models, and 
improving production conversion efficiencies
• Support farmers on the transition to regenerative 
agriculture - developing programmes to deliver 
nature-positive outcomes for soil, water and 
biodiversity, and improving resilience of farmers’ 
livelihoods to climate change
• Improve supply chain traceability and 
transparency – how raw material selection can 
improve system resilience and identifying wider 
impacts using tools like life cycle assessment & 
sourcing studies
• Partner with suppliers to accelerate innovation 
& step changes in emission reduction – pioneer 
technology & collaborations, identifying suitable 
raw material changes & integrating insetting 
opportunities into our supply chain
Packaging Material Emissions
Making the packaging materials we use to enclose, 
protect and transport our products contributes 
one third to our total value chain footprint. Our 
strategy to become Sustainable by Design outlines 
our packaging ambition & key targets. To reduce 
emissions associated with our packaging, we aim 
to:
• Reduce the amount of packaging material used 
– by eliminating unnecessary packaging & light-
weighting materials
• Select materials for a better reuse / recycling 
outcome – by choosing lower carbon 
materials, with higher recycled content, 
improved recyclability that enable circular                  
packaging & re-use.
• Accelerating key packaging decarbonisation 
opportunities directly partnering & co-investing 
with suppliers and producers
• Drive innovations in low-carbon packaging – by 
collaborating with suppliers & key stakeholders   
to expedite novel opportunities across supply 
chain
Distribution & Logistics
Upstream transport & logistics, including distribution 
of products to our customers, contributes 9% to 
our total value chain emissions. To reduce these 
emissions we will:
• Optimise logistics movements – through container 
fill improvements to selecting optimal routes 
& modes of transport, and sourcing locally             
to reduce delivery distances where possible
• Change our approach – enable shipping in bulk 
& pack in market, circular & re-use opportunities 
and most efficient manufacturing footprint for 
distribution
• Prioritise low carbon transport – working 
with suppliers to identify lowest emission 
logistics options and enhanced collaboration 
opportunities.
• Support low carbon developments to transport 
networks to enable clean transport initiatives and 
an acceleration of innovation
34% 9%
Supply Chain
Priority areas for us to reduce our supply chain 
(Scope 3) emissions by 50% by 2030 are:
In February 2022, Guinness announced it 
is undertaking one of the most ambitious 
regenerative agriculture pilots to take place on the 
island of Ireland. Regenerative agriculture is an 
approach to farming that works in harmony with 
the natural environment to put back more than it 
takes out. This extensive, three-year farm-based 
programme intends to highlight opportunities 
for reducing the carbon emissions of barley 
production. The ambition is for the barley grown  
to be used to brew beautiful tasting Guinness.
11
We are collaborating with a sample of growers 
in Scotland and Ireland to gather on-farm 
data, which together with satellite imagery and 
AI- informed predictive analytics, will improve 
baseline carbon footprint data and provide 
insights into other on-farm environmental metrics. 
This analysis will in turn allow us to identify 
opportunities for greatest improvement on-farm 
so we can focus our efforts on where we can make 
the biggest positive impact.
Supply Chain 
CASE STUDY
Supply Chain 
CASE STUDY
   Operations
We have the greatest influence & control 
over our direct operations, which is why we 
have made bold commitments to reduce our 
operational emissions 100% by 2030. 
Underpinning our goals are detailed roadmaps 
in each of our key focus areas:
DIAGEO EMISSIONS REDUCTION HIERARCHY
DIRECT OPERATIONS (SCOPE 1&2)
12
Converting Energy Sources to Renewable
We are committed to using only renewable energy by 2030, having achieved over 40% 
already. We are developing detailed site-by-site decarbonisation roadmaps and guidance 
to phase our transition to net zero. We are already members of RE100 committing to 100% 
renewable electricity by 2030, surpassing our 2020 target to reach over 80% to date. 
To do this we aim to:
• Convert electricity and fuel energy sources across all of our sites to renewable alternatives
• Prioritise direct emissions reduction opportunities over energy attribute certificates wherever possible
• Create additional renewable energy capacity to power our sites, exporting surplus energy to the local 
grid, through on-site developments and using Power Purchase Agreements (PPA)
• Use the right fit technology with the lowest environmental impact across its lifecycle in each location, 
innovating and trialing new technologies through the Diageo Sustainable Solutions programme
• Identify opportunities to partner and collaborate with suppliers and local communities on renewable energy 
schemes, to create as many communal benefits as we can.
• Transition our site-based vehicles to renewable and low emission alternatives
Reducing Residual Emissions
Residual emissions are those that are not feasible to eliminate yet, such as fugitive 
emissions from refrigerants, non-zero bioenergy emission factors, shared on-site transport, 
and emergency operations that rely on back up fuels. We closely monitor our residual 
emissions, and actively seek out new technologies as they develop to minimize emissions as 
much as possible. To reach net zero we will use carbon offsets for residual emissions, which we 
anticipate to be no more than 5-10% of our direct operation baseline emissions.
REDUCE ENERGY  
CONSUMPTION
RECOVER &  
RE-USE ENERGY
REDUCE ENERGY  
EMISSIONS
USE ENERGY  
ATTRIBUTE  
CERTIFICATES
COMPENSATE 
RESIDUAL  
EMISSIONS
Measures & Opportunities
Energy Efficiency
The energy we use is critical to our business operations. Core to our strategy 
is reducing the amount of energy we consume, making our facilities more 
efficient and recovering as much energy as possible.
Building on our existing programs, we are continuously and proactively 
identifying energy saving opportunities; engaging with our employees across our 
sites to empower them to identify new ways to save energy across our operations.
We are developing internal energy management guidelines, and using external 
expertise, to help us to embed best practices and continually improve.
Energy conservation is the first part of our strategy, as identified in our emissions reduction 
hierarchy. Our drive to reduce utility costs, reduce emissions, make our operations more 
efficient and right-size our decarbonization investment will deliver leading energy efficiency 
performance.
•     Improving insulation on cookers and stills
•      Installing variable speed drives on motors
•      Investing in low-energy lighting systems
•      Optimising compressed air and steam systems.
•     Upgrading brewhouses to recover hot vapour
•     Re-using heat from cooling water in our distilleries
•     Investing in boiler flue gas heat recovery
•     Implementing technologies like heat pumps to     
      amplify energy benefits
•     UpInvesting in on-site solar PV to generate and use own    
      renewable electricity
•     Developing biomass solutions to replace fossil fuel 
 fired boilers
•     Using electric boilers powered by renewable energy
•     Generating biogas to use on site from our wastewater
•     Supporting the development of renewable electricity  
      certification schemes in less mature markets and moving   
    away from unbundled certificates where feasible
•     Using Diageo distillery co-products to generate        
      renewable gas at third party facilities for onsite use
•     Switching to refrigerants with the lowest practical global    
     warming potential
•     Operating non-renewable back-up generators as     
   infrequently as possible & identifying renewable alternatives
•     Accelerating net zero journey at specific sites by           
      achieving carbon neutral status (aligned to PAS 2060      
     standard) – only neutralizing residual emissions
Lebanon bourbon distillery is one of the largest 
of its kind in North America. The new distillery 
in Kentucky operates using 100% renewable 
electricity, using electrode boilers and benefitting 
from virtual metering technology. The new carbon 
neutral site reflects Diageo’s ongoing commitment 
to use 100% renewable energy and become      
net-zero carbon across direct operations by 2030.
13
On our journey towards net zero, we are increasing 
our on-site solar capacity, building on our existing 
solar investments in Africa, India, North America 
and Europe.
Operations 
CASE STUDY
Operations 
CASE STUDY
14
Partnering with Communities
Communities will play a vital role  
in reaching net zero emissions. We need  
to actively engage the communities where 
we live, work, source and sell, to drive 
climate action.
We will be accelerating and scaling 
up our work with the diverse range 
of stakeholders, suppliers, NGOs & 
communities we engage with to extend 
positive climate action beyond our business 
and value chain.
We want our employees to become 
net zero advocates and partner with 
communities on climate solutions such  
as renewable energy schemes.  
By investing and participating in Race  
to Zero and Race to Resilience initiatives, 
we will contribute to reducing emissions 
as well as projects which build greater 
climate resilience in the communities in 
which we operate. By sourcing locally, 
we create value and contribute to local 
economies, especially in emerging markets, 
while simultaneously reducing supply chain 
emissions.
Creating Shared Value
Collective action is needed to achieve 
the shared goal of net zero emissions. 
Trade associations and industry forums 
are opportunities to share, collaborate 
and learn from the experience of others 
with whom we share a lot of similarities. 
Academic & technical partnerships are 
important to help find solutions that work 
for whole communities and ensuring  
we innovate to meet future needs in  
a changing climate.
Through environmental footprint 
assessments, we have started to share the 
carbon & water impacts of our brands with 
our consumers. Our outstanding collection 
of brands, supported by our community  
of sales & on-trade professionals, have  
an important role to play in direct 
consumer engagement across our whole 
Spirit of Progress agenda, not least the 
sustainability choices of our consumers that 
impact our emissions.
    Community
Diageo is committed to doing business the right way from 
grain to glass. Integral to this is reporting transparently 
on environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, 
as this plays a vital role in delivering our strategy.
Planting trees in Koguta Forest in an 
area near our brewery in Kisumu, Kenya 
to celebrate Africa Environment Day.
Improving the Natural Environment
We want to deliver benefits for people and the 
wider environment alike as we move towards 
being a net zero carbon business. We will harness 
opportunities through projects and programmes 
that benefit the community, climate and nature. 
For example, by applying nature-based solutions 
in the regions where we operate or source our 
raw materials; by planting trees and restoring 
natural ecosystems & landscapes to reduce carbon 
loss and by actively taking carbon out of the 
atmosphere. These actions have the additional 
positive impact of regenerating soils, increasing 
biodiversity, improving and restoring water resources 
as well as local community benefits. Our work 
to develop agricultural value chain partnerships 
helps farmers in our local sourcing communities 
adopt regenerative practices. We have a target to 
support 150,000 smallholder farmers by 2030 and 
enable the design of programmes that help restore 
degraded landscapes.
We are also modelling how we can make best 
use of the biological resources we produce as a 
by-product from our operational sites. Our aim is 
to positively impact emissions outside of scope, 
considering the wider impacts, where we can.
15
Landscape Restoration & 
Afforestation Projects protecting natural 
environments. Supporting enhanced 
collaboration, carbon sequestration, water 
replenishment, biodiversity improvements 
and much more
Our Community Impact
Growers & Small-Holder Farmers 
supplying our business. Partnering 
with Diageo and others to activate 
regenerative agricultural practices and 
support climate resilience opportunities
Local Communities 
where we operate. Supporting local & 
regional decarbonization opportunities 
and partnering with local groups to enable 
projects that benefit local environment & 
people in a ‘just transition‛
Shared Renewable Projects 
with our neighbours & suppliers. 
Leveraging scale, creating additionality 
and enabling access to more 
renewable energy
Employees
in our business. Enabling and driving 
our decarbonization work. Crucial 
advocates in our journey to net zero
Industry & Supplier
Collaborations. Supporting shared 
decarbonization objectives, working 
with industry leaders, trade bodies and 
our suppliers to identify low carbon 
opportunities and accelerate action 
together
Customers & Consumers
of our brands. Engaging & 
informing to inspire a lower 
carbon lifestyle. Exciting them to 
join us on the net zero journey 
through the choices they make
On Trade Teams of bartenders, 
mixologists & hosts. Supporting 
lower carbon messaging and 
key to enhancing customer 
sustainability interface
NGOs driving climate action. 
Working together to address 
wider climate impacts, accelerate 
focused action and ensure 
a ‘just transition’
Technology & Research 
Partners supporting 
innovation & industry 
decarbonization. 
Working together to unlock 
technological solutions that 
accelerate us to a low 
carbon world
16
Engaging governments and policy 
makers on climate and net zero 
transition
In the countries and markets where we 
operate we support stretching climate 
policy and engage directly to help us 
reach our climate goals.
We participate in multi-stakeholder 
forums with government and regulators, 
consumers, NGOs and our commercial 
partners, and help build capacity in our 
supply chains by offering training on 
how to improve sustainability across their 
own organisations.
Actively participating in Industry 
Partnerships and working closely with 
Trade Associations and representative 
bodies
By making measured decisions on 
who we partner with, we have joined a 
number of key collaborative alliances 
that will help us, our industry, and 
businesses globally to help accelerate 
climate action.
We believe that a common industry 
approach is the best way to support 
improvements, not just in our own supply 
chain, but across the sector. 
We actively support our industry through 
several trade associations, and coalitions 
like Beverage Industry Environmental 
Roundtable (BIER), to enable 
commitments to net zero.
We advocate collective climate action 
through our suppliers encouraging 
them to participate in the CDP and 
report on their climate change risks and 
performance. We know that working 
together is the only way for us all to 
mitigate our impact on climate change 
and adapt to a changing climate.
Supporting, and encouraging others      
to join, climate goals and pledges
We participate in the UN-backed  
Race to Zero and Race to Resilience 
campaigns, supporting initiatives aimed 
at halving global emissions by 2030, 
and building a climate resilient world. 
Supporting others to do the same is key 
to enabling collaboration on the most 
important climate-related issues.
Alongside aligning with the Paris Climate 
Agreement, Glasgow Pact and the 
UN Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs), we actively engage on issues 
important to our Society 2030 strategy.                       
For example, we are proud signatories of:
We know that climate leadership can be done in many different ways. 
By demonstrating our commitments, sharing what we are doing to meet them and 
encouraging others to do the same, we believe we have a strong platform to reach 
out to a wider stakeholder group in order to make the systematic shift needed      
to reach net zero.
    Advocacy
We want to help accelerate climate action globally, and partner 
with other businesses, organisations and government initiatives 
to take action together and make a bigger change than we 
could ever achieve on our own.
Diageo Chief Sustainability Officer, Ewan Andrew, speaking about 
action for nature & climate at COP26, the United Nations Climate 
Change Conference
G7 Sustainable Supply 
Chains Initiative
G7 Sustainable Supply 
Chains Initiative
G7 Sustainable Supply 
Chains Initiative
G7 Sustainable Supply 
Chains Initiative
G7 Sustainable Supply 
Chains Initiative
G7 Sustainable Supply 
Chains Initiative
G7 Sustainable Supply 
Chains Initiative
G7 Sustainable Supply 
Chains Initiative
G7 Sustainable Supply 
Chains Initiative
G7 Sustainable Supply 
Chains Initiative
G7 Sustainable Supply 
Chains Initiative
G7 Sustainable Supply 
Chains Initiative
G7 Sustainable Supply 
Chains Initiative
Climate leadership is an integral pillar in our net zero strategy. We invest in industry 
leadership activities to inspire and challenge businesses, organisations, NGOs and 
governments to tackle climate change with us. Core to the work we do are these 
main themes:
G7 Sustainable Supply 
Chains Initiative
G7 Sustainable Supply 
Chains Initiative

17
We have reset our baseline to our 
financial year 2020 period to ensure 
we have a robust datum, against 
which to track our emission reduction 
progress. The science based target 
approval process required us to set a 
new baseline to ensure alignment with 
the target setting criteria. Measuring our 
performance toward net zero enables 
us to demonstrate our commitments to 
effective climate action and also helps to 
communicate our progress, and where 
we need to accelerate our efforts.
Our performance against our Society 
2030: Spirit of Progress targets, including 
those focused on energy and carbon, is 
reported externally on an annual basis, as 
well as more frequently internally, in order 
to drive timely performance improvement 
discussions. We are working hard to 
deliver our plan to reach our Scope 1  
and 2 net zero emissions target by 2030.
We have capital investment plans and 
roadmaps for Diageo operational sites 
which enable prioritization of emission 
reductions across global portfolio each 
year.
We also use key performance indicators 
(KPIs) to measure performance to 
accelerate to a low carbon world. 
Specifically relevant to our reporting 
are GRI 302: Energy and GRI 305: 
Emissions. We measure and track 
metrics & performance relating to energy 
and emissions across both our direct 
operations (monthly) and supply chain 
(annually). Climate change is part of 
senior leader remuneration, linked to 
carbon emissions & water efficiency 
performance. We are also looking at 
mechanisms to drive improvement across 
the business, including internal carbon 
pricing.
Strong internal governance structures 
and clear lines of accountability ensure 
the commitments in this strategy are 
owned. Diageo’s Executive Committee, 
chaired by our Chief Executive, is 
accountable for the overall strategy and 
allocates responsibility for implementation 
to different parts of the business. At 
Diageo board level, our climate strategy 
is reviewed twice a year.
We engage external independent 
auditors to provide limited assurance 
of environmental performance data 
(i.e. carbon emissions and renewable 
energy) in our annual report. In order 
to benchmark our carbon sustainability 
work against our peers, and the wider 
business community, we submit non-
financial information to a range of 
sustainability focused indices throughout 
the year. On an annual basis we 
participate in CDP and DJSI reporting 
to publicly disclose our performance 
and progress in these well recognized 
sustainability indices.
Diageo was one of the top ranked 
beverage companies in the FTSE4Good 
index series and features on the Ethibel 
Sustainability Index (ESI) Excellence 
Global. We have also received an A 
rating for Climate Change from CDP for 
the last six years. 
We encourage & support supplier 
participation in membership of the CDP 
Supply Chain programme, reporting on 
collective progress annually.
Measuring
Our Performance
We are committed to doing business the right way from grain to glass. Integral to this is 
transparent and meaningful reporting on environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, 
as this plays a vital role in delivering our strategy. It helps us to manage ESG risks, seize 
opportunities and promote sustainable development everywhere we live, work, source and sell.
GLOSSARY
Adaptation: The process of adjusting to current or expected 
climate change, and its effects.
Carbon Credit: Also known as a carbon offset - 
measurable, verifiable emission reduction from certified 
climate action projects. These projects reduce, remove or 
avoid greenhouse gas (GHG)
Carbon Footprint: A carbon footprint measures the total 
greenhouse gas emissions caused directly and indirectly by 
a person, organisation, event or product.
Carbon Neutral: Or carbon neutrality refers to an outcome 
where GHG emissions have been neutralized through 
purchase or carbon offsets/credits resulting in no net 
release of carbon dioxide.
CDP: A not for profit charity that runs the global disclosure 
system for investors, companies, cities, states and regions to 
manage their environmental impacts.
Climate Change: Refers to any change in climate over 
time, whether due to natural variability or, as now known, 
unequivocally as a result of human activity. It is linked to 
global warming.
Climate Emergency: The term used to inspire and organise 
action to respond to the climate and ecological emergency.
Co-benefits: The positive benefits related to the reduction 
of greenhouse gas emissions that could relate to nature (i.e. 
water replenishment, biodiversity increase) and/or social-
economic/community (i.e. employment, stability)
Compensation: refers to reaching a balance between 
emissions and removals (offsetting), usually beyond value 
chain, and for unabated emissions on transition to net zero
Decarbonising: The reduction of carbon dioxide (or 
equivalent) through the use of low carbon power sources, 
achieving a lower output of greenhouse gases to the 
atmosphere.
GHG Emissions: Greenhouse gas emissions. Carbon is 
often used as a term to encompass all 7 GHGs as defined 
by the Kyoto protocol, including carbon dioxide, methane, 
nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons, 
sulphur hexafluoride and nitrogen trifluoride.
Insetting: Similar to offsetting but refers specifically 
to carbon reduction that is directly related, either by 
geography, production, or commodity, to the organisation 
in question. Can provide additional co-benefits for local 
communities.
Mitigation: Avoiding or reducing emissions of greenhouse 
gas emissions into the atmosphere to prevent the planet 
from warming to more extreme temperatures.
Net Zero: Net zero emissions are reached when 
anthropogenic (i.e., human-caused) emissions of 
greenhouse gases to the atmosphere are balanced by 
anthropogenic removals over a specified period. A science 
based approach to net zero covers emission scopes 1, 2 & 3 
with direct abatement of approximately 95%
Neutralisation: refers to long term removal of atmospheric 
carbon dioxide (offsetting) equivalent to an organization’s 
residual emissions in order to reach net zero
Offsetting: Offsetting is a method of indirectly reducing 
residual emissions after reducing them as much as possible. 
Companies with residual emissions within their value 
chain are expected to neutralise those emissions with an 
equivalent amount of carbon dioxide removals. 
Residual Emissions: Any greenhouse gas emissions that 
remain after a project or organisation has implemented all 
technically and economically feasible opportunities.
Scope 1 Emissions: The direct emissions from owned 
or controlled sources, including company facilities and 
company vehicles. These are predominantly from the 
combustion/use of fossil fuel derived energy sources.
Scope 2 Emissions: Covers indirect emissions from the 
generation of purchased electricity, steam, heating and 
cooling consumed by the reporting company.
Scope 3 Emissions: Includes all other indirect emissions that 
occur in a company’s upstream and downstream value 
chain, typically from sources that they do not control or 
own. This includes purchased goods and services, capital 
goods, fuel and energy related activities, transportation 
and distribution, waste generated in operations, business 
travel, employee commuting, leased assets, use of sold 
products, end of life treatment of sold products, franchises 
and investments.
Supply Chain Emissions: emissions from our upstream and 
downstream activities from assets or activities not owned or 
controlled by Diageo (see Scope 3 emissions).
Total Value Chain Emissions: emissions from our supply 
chain as well as our own operations and activities (i.e. 
Scope 1+ Scope 2 + Scope 3 emissions). Also referred to as 
total value chain footprint.
TCFD: Task force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures
SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS
To help us achieve our strategic goals to accelerate to a 
low carbon world, we are frequently reviewing how best 
to support our colleagues across the business. We are 
updating, and developing, policies, standards, guidelines and 
implementation toolkits to enable employees, suppliers and 
other stakeholders to understand what their role is and what 
action they need to take.
We want to ensure that we follow a credible decarbonization 
pathway using a systems thinking approach that helps us to 
anticipate challenges (i.e. renewable energy intermittency) 
and unintended consequences (i.e. deforestation or shifting 
an impact elsewhere) so we continually build on our internal 
knowledge and capabilities with support from external 
expertise.
The Diageo Environment Policy brings together our 
sustainability pillars, framed by our Society 2030: Spirit of 
Progress action plan and Pioneering Grain to Glass strategic 
targets. It links our work in carbon & climate to our other 
critical sustainability focus areas like water, sustainable design 
& biodiversity.
We also continue to extend our assessment of climate change 
impacts, and our existing disclosures, on our journey to 
adopting all the recommendations of the Task Force
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). We have 
incorporated the TCFD framework into our reporting and are 
accelerating efforts to mitigate climate change risks and identify 
opportunities for transitioning quickly to a low carbon future.
Our ESG Reporting Index contains additional information 
which is not included in the Annual Report. It is structured as 
three frameworks: the GRI index follows the GRI Sustainability 
Reporting Standards framework, while the UNGC index follows 
the UNGC advanced reporting criteria and serves as our
annual Communication on Progress. We also report against the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) framework.
18
Alliance for Water Stewardship CDP Corporate Human Rights Benchmark Dow Jones Sustainability Index Gartner Supply Chain Top 25 FTSE4Good UN Global Compact

19
HOW WE REPORT TO OUR STAKEHOLDERS 
OUR REPORTING SUITE
DOCUMENT 
DETAILS
Annual Report
Where we present our most material 
disclosures and describe how our 
strategy delivers value for or business 
and other stakeholders.
Produced: 03.10.2022
Contact: Sustainability@Diageo.com
www.diageo.com
Diageo.com
Where, through the ‘Society 2030: 
Spirit of Progress’ section, we give 
further details of our approach and 
performance, including examples of 
our strategy in action.
ESG Reporting Index
Where we give additional disclosures 
in line with the GRI Standards index 
and the UNGC advanced reporting 
criteria index, plus our response to the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB). This document also 
includes detailed non-financial reporting 
boundaries a methodologies.
19

