DRAFTF 
Inaugural Net-Zero 
Transition Plan 
Disclaimer: This Inaugural Net-Zero Transition Plan was published in September 2023. It is to be continuously enhanced over the 
coming years to learn from most up-to-date scientific and technological findings and to comply with evolving regulation. Going 
forward, updates on our Net-Zero Transition Plan, including progress on the targets, new targets and other changes related but not 
limited to the implementation of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, will be included in our year-end Non-Financial 
Statement (NFS) in our Annual Report, starting with NFS for fiscal year 2023. In the case of any material updates outside the yearly 
reporting cycle we will communicate accordingly.1 
A Rationale 
Businesses and society face existential threats from climate change in a world warming ever faster. As a 
society and business community we must manage this risk by mitigating climate change and reducing 
emissions of greenhouse gases at an unprecedented speed and scale. 
The world’s top climate scientists from the IPCC re-confirmed that countries need to halve greenhouse gas 
emissions by 2030, and halve again by 2040, to then achieve net-zero by 2050. This is expected to give the 
world a 50% chance of limiting global warming to 1.5°C in the year 2100, compared with pre-industrial 
times. Limiting global warming to 1.5°C would still lead to a warmer and more extreme climate than we 
experience today. Letting the global temperature rise by more than 1.5°C will lead to even more drastic 
and unpredictable events; like flooding of major cities, mass migration from then-uninhabitable areas, or a 
lack of fresh water, to name a few. 
Already as of today, more than 150 nations, covering around 90% of global population, emissions and GDP 
alike, have net-zero ambitions, including the US, the European Union (EU) and India. Within the United 
States, 25 States and the District of Columbia have set concrete 2030 targets as well as other intermediate 
decarbonization targets.2 The EU has set concrete decarbonization targets to be achieved by 2030. 
The world will only meet these goals and commitments if governments follow through on the Paris 
Agreement ambition of 1.5°C with swift, stable, and reliable policies, action plans and regulations. 
Governments have started translating their commitments into a range of legislation and initiatives. This 
includes, for example: 
• sectoral transition plans and support schemes for low-carbon technology (such as the US Inflation 
Reduction Act or the EU Fit for 55 Package), and 
• reporting and due diligence directives (like the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
(CSRD) and the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD) which is currently under 
development). 
 
1 The last two sentences were added in February 2024 
2 As of August 2022. Source: https://www.c2es.org/document/greenhouse-gas-emissions-targets/ 

 
 
 
 2/8 
 
B Allianz Inaugural Net-Zero Transition Plan Overview 
As a leading global insurer and a large holder of capital from our proprietary investments, we are experts 
in risk management and our products seek to help secure our clients’ futures. We are committed to 
transitioning our proprietary investment and P&C underwriting portfolios to net-zero greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions by 2050 – consistent with a maximum temperature rise by the end of the century of 1.5°C, 
taking into account the best available scientific knowledge, including the findings of the IPCC3 – and to net-
zero GHG emissions by 2030 within our own operations. This is with the expectation that governments will 
follow through on their own commitments to ensure the objectives of the Paris Agreement are met. 
We seize opportunities to drive decarbonization and climate resilience through our resources, partnerships, 
expertise, and influence. Our ambition is to be a trusted partner for our clients and investee companies 
across different sectors in their transition toward net-zero. Our climate approach is grounded in the Allianz 
Group Climate Change Strategy, which has been in place since 2005. With a special focus on UN 
Sustainable Development Goal 13, Climate Action, we take into account climate risk and opportunity 
analytics for our organization and across our business areas where we exercise decision-making and have 
already taken significant steps in the past decade. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As a key next step in our journey, we publish this Inaugural Net-Zero Transition Plan. It is informed 
especially by the recommendations of the UN High-Level Expert Group on Net-Zero Commitments of Non-
State Actors. 
To substantiate our long-term net-zero commitments, we have set intermediary targets for 2025 for our 
proprietary investments. We are on a good track to achieving those targets along all levers.4  
With this Inaugural Transition Plan we are announcing our 2030 targets for proprietary investments 
and P&C underwriting in our commercial and motor retail businesses.  
The targets are informed by IPCC 1.5°C climate scenarios5 and by credible industry-led approaches, for 
example the Target Setting Protocol of the Net-Zero Asset Owner Alliance, which was named the “gold 
standard for credible commitments and transparent targets” by UN Secretary-General António Guterres.6 
When setting these portfolio targets, we are dependent on change in policy and the real economy to 
achieve them. 
Therefore, we are advocating for strong climate policy from governments across the globe. A supportive 
policy environment is crucial to ensuring the viability of a socially just transition to climate resilience and 
net-zero emissions. Without decisive and global action by governments, a 1.5°C trajectory is not 
achievable.7 
 
3 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 
4 For more details please refer to our Group Sustainability Report 2022, chapter 02 – Link 
5 From IPCC’s 6th Assessment Report the so-called C1 scenario set with no or low overshoot of 1.5°C during the century; we used other 
scenarios such as the IEA’s Net-Zero by 2050, when IPCC did not provide the necessary granularity or data points. 
6 Source: Secretary-General’s remarks to Global Climate Action High-Level Event. 
7 More on our policy advocacy and related memberships can be found in our Group Sustainability Report chapter 03.2 – Link 
Figure 1: Key highlights of climate action at Allianz in past decade  

 
 
 
 3/8 
 
For our 2030 targets for proprietary investments and P&C underwriting, we do not see a role for carbon 
removal offsets. Our own operations seek net-zero by 2030; until then we will prioritize reducing our 
emissions and use removal-based offsetting only at the end of our net-zero journey. 
We are committed to clear and transparent governance principles. This extends to our governance of 
sustainability matters as we work to embed and deliver sustainable objectives across global businesses 
under our influence and within our organization. Ultimate responsibility for all matters relating to 
sustainability resides with the Board of Management of Allianz SE as the Group’s parent company, which 
includes this Transition Plan.8  
C Overview of Inaugural Net-Zero Transition Plan  
 
 
 
  
 
8 To support the Board of Management in its decision-making, Allianz SE established a dedicated Group Sustainability Board. It is 
composed of members of the Board of Management of Allianz SE and Group Center heads. 
Figure 2: Allianz Net-Zero Transition Plan at a glance 
 
Target year 2030 is defined as using year-end 2029 values for proprietary investments, P&C, and own operations.  
A) For own operations and for reporting purposes, we will be moving our year-end 2030 timeline one year forward to year-end 2029 to align 
with reporting cut-off dates for proprietary investments and P&C insurance. The -70% target is based on end 2030. Year-end 2029 target 
is -65% vs. 2019. The strategy review for own operations is currently ongoing and will be updated in 2024. 
B) Investments in the context of this transition plan document refers always to proprietary investments, i.e., the investments of our insurance 
clients. Targets an absolute reduction for listed equity and corporate bonds, additionally -50% emission intensity for listed and non-listed 
investments into corporates. All continue to use base year 2019. 
C) Target covers P&C corporate portfolio with reported emissions managed by AGCS. Base year 2022. 
D) This inaugural target applies to the following markets: Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland, UK. 
Base year 2022. 
E) 100% fossil-fuel-independent fleet – technical feasibility to be revisited annually. 
F) Climate Solutions are defined as economic activities contributing to climate change mitigation (including transition enabling) and 
adaptation, in alignment with existing climate-related sustainability taxonomies: EU taxonomy on sustainable finance climate category 
as well as SFDR Article 9 and beyond. 
G) Link: Allianz Energy Guidelines 
H) Transition solutions are defined as the technologies from Allianz’s Statement on Renewable/Low-Carbon Energy as well as carbon 
capture and storage, battery storage and grid-stability-related investments, electric transportation: EV & battery manufacturing plants, 
electric transportation: electric mass transit infrastructure construction (rail), certified green buildings, industry projects related to energy 
transition (ammonia and bio-based fuels), waste to energy. PD = Property Damage, BI = Business Interruption 
I) Net-zero commitment and targets do not apply to assets managed on behalf of third parties 

 
 
 
 4/8 
 
1. Proprietary Investments 
 
For our proprietary investment portfolio, in 2019 we committed to reduce GHG emissions to net-zero by 
2050.  
 
In early 2021 we released our intermediary 2025 emission targets, which initially covered listed equities, 
corporate bonds, and real estate. Our absolute emission reduction target of -25% by 2025 vs. 2019 for listed 
equity and corporate bonds had already been overachieved by the end of last year with a -35% reduction. 
This can be attributed to -26%p due to portfolio re-allocations, overarchingly driven by intra-sector shifts to 
lower-emitting companies. A further -3%p came from a change in the denominator9 of the carbon 
footprinting method, aligning with emerging regulatory standards. Real-world emission reductions by 
investee companies contributed -6%p, which shows that stronger short-term actions by investee companies 
on emission reductions are necessary.  
 
Herewith, we are presenting our 2030 targets, in line with our promise to continuously expand the scope of 
targets. They have been developed with learnings from the Target Setting Protocol of the Net-Zero Asset 
Owner Alliance (NZAOA), of which Allianz was one of the founding organizations and holds the Chair 
position. The targets expand across four different target dimensions, sub-portfolios, sectors, engagement 
and climate solution investments. 
 
For our corporate portfolio, we now aim to reduce -50% by 2030 compared with our base year 2019. For 
traded equity and corporate bonds, this is an absolute target. For all corporate, including infrastructure, 
private equity and debt, and similar, it is an additional intensity target. It expands to almost half of our 
total proprietary investment portfolio of 701 bn EUR as of 31.12.2022. For those real estate portfolios 
where data is available, we target a 1.5°C alignment as per Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor (CRREM) 
methodology. 
 
Underlying 
Class 
% of total 
707 bn EUR10  Actual 2022        2030       
       Target 2019 2030 
Corporates  
(debt & equity) 47% 
€214 bn 
  
Traded equity/ 
corporate bonds: 
-50% absolute 
emissions 
24.9mnt CO2e 
 
 
12.5mnt CO2e 
 
 
€329 bn All corporates (incl. 
Infra, PE, etc.) 
-50% emission 
intensity 
108.08 tCO₂e 
per €mn 
invested 
54.04 tCO₂e 
per €mn invested 
Real Estate 
(incl. 50% of real 
estate funds) 
15% 
€43 bn  Equity: 1.5°C-aligned 
as per CRREM  
No reduction vs. 
baseline but 
external 
benchmark 
~24.1 kgCO2/sqm/a €64 bn11 Debt: 60% of 
Commercial 
Mortgages 1.5°C-
aligned as per 
CRREM 
 
9 From Enterprise Value (EV) to Enterprise Value incl. Cash (EVIC) 
10 As per year-end 2022 
11 Excl. retail mortgages 
Table 1: New 2030 Sub-portfolio Emission Targets for Proprietary Investments 
 
 
 
 5/8 
 
For the other parts of the portfolio, Covered Bonds & Others and Sovereign Bonds & Public Debt, which 
respectively account for 13% and 22% of the total portfolio, as well as the remainder of real estate, 
methodologies for emission accounting as well as target-setting are under development. 
The emission targets on the sub-portfolio level are supported by existing guidelines such as our fossil fuel 
guideline12. In addition, we decided on further targets, which cover investee and asset manager 
engagement, and high-emission sectors, as well as climate solutions, as shown in Table 2. 
 
Target Type  
Engagement • Engagement with all external asset managers “below expectations” based on 
systematic assessment 
• Be in the lead or supporting group of 30 multilateral engagements (at least 15 
with climate focus) 
• Engage with 15 among Top 100 non-multilaterally engaged / not AGI-PIMCO 
engaged portfolio emitters 
Sector Targets Oil & Gas (company scope as per Allianz Statement on Oil & Gas) 
• Scope 1, 2 and 3 (cat 11) 43.07 gCO2e/MJ in line with IEA Net Zero Emissions 
by 2050 scenario 
• 100% of AuM to set net-zero targets across all 3 emission scopes (target year: 
2025)13 
Utilities (coverage as per Transition Pathway Initiative universe): 
• Scope 1 0.17 tCO2e/MWh in line with IEA Net Zero Emissions by 2050 scenario 
• Coal phase-out in line with 1.5°C pathways of IPCC AR6 C1 scenarios14 
Steel (coverage as per Transition Pathway Initiative universe): 
• Scope 1 and 2 1.18 tCO2e/t steel in line with IEA Net Zero Emissions by 
2050 scenario 
Automobiles (coverage as per Transition Pathway Initiative universe): 
• Scope 3 (cat 11) 41.68 gCO2e/km in line with IEA Net Zero Emissions by 
2050 scenario 
Climate Solutions • Increase Climate Solutions investments by at least € 20bn from current level (€ 
31bn as of 31.3.2023) until 2029, subject to market environment and 
constraints 
• Asset-class specific targets will support the overall group target 
 
  
 
12 Allianz Energy Guidelines – Link 
13 As per oil & gas guideline – Link 
14 As per our thermal coal guideline – Link 
Table 2: New 2030 Targets for Proprietary Investments 
 
 
 
 6/8 
 
2. Property & Casualty Insurance 
 
For our Property & Casualty (P&C) insurance portfolio, we have committed to reduce GHG emissions to net-
zero by 2050.  
 
Our inaugural 2030 targets, released for the first time as part of this Transition Plan, focus on two core 
portfolios within our book:  
1. Corporate, which is managed by Allianz Global Corporate & Specialty (AGCS), and 
2. Motor Retail 
For corporate, the targets are set for those companies for which greenhouse gas emissions data is 
available. These targets represent roughly 16% of the Commercial segment premiums for which emission 
accounting methodologies are currently available15, and 33% of its estimated insurance- associated 
emissions.  
 
Therefore, we focus on the highest-impact portfolio and target a reduction of -45% in emission intensity by 
2030 compared with our base year 2022.  
 
Addressing the corporate portfolio with reported emissions allows for an effective partnership with clients 
and supports steering with focus. In parallel, we will further encourage more transparency and reporting 
going forward. To this end, we will follow through on our existing energy guidelines, engage the top 100 
clients per year that do not yet disclose their emissions, and work together with key clients in hard-to-abate 
sectors to foster knowledge exchange and arrive at emission reductions. 
 
In addition, we aim to continue scaling up renewable energy and low-carbon technology solutions in our 
portfolio, supported now by the target to profitably grow revenues from transition solutions in Commercial 
Property Damage as well as Business Interruption coverages by +150% by 2030 vs. 2022.16 
 
For motor retail, the targets cover roughly half of the premium and associated emissions of the motor 
retail segment. We are focusing our efforts on the most relevant markets for Allianz, where adequate and 
reliable data is also available.17 We aim to reduce carbon emissions in these portfolios by 30% by 2030 vs. 
our 2022 base year. The biggest levers to achieving this will be increasing our share of electric vehicles as 
well as incentivizing customers to drive less. Therefore, we have set two additional sub-targets: by 2030, we 
will engage with 20 million current and potential customers to support their transition to electric mobility 
and we are committing to offering comprehensive insurance products for battery electric vehicles and the 
related ecosystem, to support our customers in transitioning to this new technology. Therefore, the share of 
battery electric vehicles (based on the number of passenger vehicles) in the Allianz motor portfolio will 
exceed the share of battery electric vehicles in the respective markets. Another key lever will be providing 
incentives for reducing emissions via mileage-based product offerings, as part of our existing sustainable 
solutions offering, which is explained in detail in our Group Sustainability Report 2022.18 
 
The scope of these targets is to be expanded over time, similarly to our proprietary investment targets. 
  
 
15 As per the PCAF Standard for Insurance-Associated Emissions – Link 
16 Transition solutions are defined as the solutions mentioned in the Allianz renewable/low-carbon energy guideline plus additionally 
carbon capture and storage, battery storage and grid-stability-related investments, electric transportation: EV & battery 
manufacturing plants, electric mass transit infrastructure construction (rail), certified green buildings, industry projects related to 
energy transition (ammonia and bio-based fuels) 
17 This inaugural target applies to the following markets: Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland, 
UK. 
18 Group Sustainability Report 2022 Chapter 2.1.4 – Link 
 
 
 
 7/8 
 
 
 
Target 
Sector 
Target  
Layer 
Measure  
(Target year 2030) 
Corporate 
Sub-portfolio • AGCS Corporate portfolio (all sectors) GHG emission intensity 
reduction of 45% (2022 base year) 
Engagement • Transparency Engagement for top 100 clients with no emissions 
disclosure per year  
• Knowledge sharing and exchange on best practices with 
transportation clients (marine and aviation) 
• Transition Engagement for 2–3 companies per year 
Insuring  
transition 
• Ambition of at least 150% business growth of transition 
solutions in Allianz Commercial Property Damage & Business 
Interruption coverages 
Motor 
Retail  
Sub-portfolio • Motor retail carbon emission reduction of 30% (2022 base year) 
(PCAF scope) 
Engagement • Engage with 20 million customers / potential customers to 
support their transition to electric mobility  
Insuring  
transition 
• Share of battery electric vehicles (number of passenger 
vehicles) in the Allianz motor portfolio will exceed the share of 
battery electric vehicles in the respective markets  
 
 
3. Asset management19 
 
For clients seeking net-zero products, our asset managers Allianz Global Investors and PIMCO offer a set 
of approaches and tools to decarbonize portfolios over time. As fiduciaries, our asset managers work 
with clients who are interested in various ESG20 aspects, on investment strategies and considerations to 
help achieve climate-related objectives, including decarbonization and net-zero emissions. 
 
PIMCO has developed an approach for clients seeking to align their fixed-income portfolios to their 
decarbonization goals including net-zero objectives. It consists broadly of four pillars to help clients 
decarbonize their portfolios, which can all be sub-targets: reduce carbon intensity, invest in climate leaders, 
support climate solutions, and influence change. 21 
 
AllianzGI offers climate thematic and impact-driven opportunities such as green bonds and climate 
transition equity and private markets renewable energy investments. These specialized assets can help to 
align an asset owner’s portfolio with climate transition targets.22  
 
Further information on the offerings of our asset managers can be accessed here: our approach to 
sustainable investing (allianzgi.com) and ESG at PIMCO (pimco.com).  
 
 
19 For the avoidance of doubt, this Inaugural Transition Plan applies only for Allianz’s proprietary investments, not for third-party 
assets  
20 Environmental, social, and good governance. 
21 For more details see PIMCO ESG Investing (ESG Investing Report | PIMCO). 
22 For more details see AllianzGI Sustainability and Stewardship Report 2022 (Sustainability and Stewardship Report 2022 | AllianzGI). 
Table 3: New 2030 Targets for Property & Casualty Insurance 
 
 
 
 8/8 
 
4. Operations 
 
For our own operations we are already committed to net-zero GHG emissions by 2030. The main 
operations in scope are Travel and Fleet, Procurement, Facility Management, and IT.  
 
To this end, we target to reduce GHG emissions arising from Allianz sites and operational activities in over 
70 markets to net-zero by 2030, earlier than 2050 as originally planned. We have accelerated our climate 
targets for our own operations and by 2025 plan to reduce GHG emissions per employee by 50% versus a 
2019 baseline across Scope 1, Scope 2, and relevant Scope 3 emissions (currently energy-related emissions, 
business travel, and paper use). For year-end 2030, we target GHG emission reductions of 70% and for 
year-end 2029, -65%.23 
 
Key drivers will be sourcing 100% renewable electricity by 2023, implementing energy efficiency and 
reduction measures in heating and cooling, shifting to a fully electric corporate car fleet by 2030 at the 
latest, covered by a commitment to EV100 with the Climate Group, and achieving a 40% reduction of GHG 
emissions from travel activities by 2025 against a 2019 baseline. To address the remaining 30% of the 
emissions, we will use high-quality carbon removal solutions.  
 
Beyond our own operations, we will ask 100% of global framework vendors in our supply chain that 
provide services globally to establish a public commitment to net-zero GHG emissions in line with the 1.5°C 
path by 2025. 
D Call to action to governments 
However, further action is needed from national governments in order to close the still wide ambition gap, 
including setting nationally determined contributions (NDCs) and country pathways in line with 1.5°C. 
For the long-term success of our global economy and society, the actions of businesses and financial 
institutions that have set 1.5°C-aligning net-zero commitments need to be matched by governments and 
regulators. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
23 Target year 2030 is always defined as using year-end 2029 values for investment and P&C targets. For own operations and for 
reporting purposes, we will be moving our year-end 2030 timeline one year forward to year-end 2029 to align with reporting cut-off 
dates for proprietary investments and P&C insurance. -70% target is based on end 2030. A pro-rata calculation at the end-2029 would 
correspond to -65%. The strategy review for own operations is currently ongoing and will be updated accordingly in 2024. 
