Decarbonization is inalienable. It is a challenge of great 
magnitude that requires mobilizing the resources that 
channel the investments that allow the world to function 
without emissions. And for that we need mechanisms and 
regulation that encourage this investment.
At BBVA, we are aware of this reality for some time now 
and we have been taking steps in this direction. BBVA is 
neutral in its own emissions1 in the main geographies in 
which it operates and has assumed the ‘Net Zero 2050’ 
commitment, that is, the commitment to be neutral in 
carbon emissions by 2050, not only in its own but also 
including emissions financed of our customers.
This means that many of our customers are going to develop 
and implement transition plans, which require a lot of 
investment, and our role is to support them with advice and 
financing, facilitating a transition that is as fair and inclusive as 
possible, creating opportunities and leaving no one behind.
With this framework and objective, we have set intermediate 
emission targets in 2030 for our financing portfolios in 
6 highly emitting sectors (oil & gas, power generation, autos, 
steel, cement, and coal).
This is the first TCFD report in which we have incorporated 
several of the GFANZ recommendations for the preparation 
of a T ransition Plan, a core element to facilitate a greater 
understanding of how we approach the transition from BBVA 
for our investors, shareholders, supervisors, regulators, 
customers, civil society organizations and other stakeholders.
1. Includes scope 1, 2 and part of scope 3: waste, emissions from business trips and displacement 
of employees of central services.
Carlos T orres Vila
Chair
P.  2
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
Index
Executive Summary 4
Introduction 14
Sustainability and the financial sector 15
Sustainability: a strategic priority for BBVA 16
Governance model 19
Corporate bodies 20
T ransversal integration of sustainability into the executive sphere 21
Alignment governance 23
Remuneration systems 24
Strategy 25
Definition of risks and opportunities associated with climate change 27
Main advances in the execution of the strategy 33
Resilience of the strategy against climate change risks 43
Engagement strategy with customers, the industry and  
the public sector  44
Management of risks  
associated with climate change 51
Integrating climate change into risk planning 52
Identification, measurement and integration of climate change  
into risk management 59
Metrics and goals 72
Alignment metrics 73
Channeling sustainable business 82
Management of direct environmental impacts 95
Management of indirect environmental social impacts 101
Appendix 103
APPENDIX 1 
Alignment of BBVA Group’s non-financial information to WEF-IBC  
and SASB standards 104
APPENDIX 2 
Additional information on the BBVA Group’s sustainability  
standards and frameworks 105
APPENDIX 3 
TCFD Recommendations fulfillment table 110
APPENDIX 4 
T ransition plan - TCFD T able of equivalence 111
APPENDIX 5 
T raining 112
Glossary 113
P.  3
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Report
2022
TCFD
2022 TCFDThe structure of the report is as follows: 
INTRODUCTION
SECTION 01  |   GOVERNANCE MODEL
SECTION 02  |  STRATEGY
SECTION 03  |  MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
SECTION 04  |   METRICS AND GOALS
T ransition Plan-TCFD
APPENDIX
In 2017 , 
BBVA adopted the recommendations of the 
T ask Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD), created by the Financial 
Stability Board (FSB), and has been publishing 
successive TCFD reports in line with its 
maximum commitment to transparency.
In this fourth report, 
BBVA has incorporated elements of a
Transition Plan  
following the guidelines and recommendations 
for Financial Institutions published by the 
Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero 
(GFANZ) in November 2022. 
This report aims to summarize BBVA's strategy 
with respect to the /f_ight against climate change 
and what measures are being taken, following 
the framework of the TCFD.
Our Road to Net Zero 2050
Main advances in the 4 key TCFD areas (Sections 01-04)
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
P.  4
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
(1) S cope 1 & 2 and part of scope 3: waste, emissions from business travel and trips of central service employees in the main geographies where it operates. 
Neutral in its 
own CO 2 
emissions 1  
2020
Net zero emissions 
in banking operations 
and asset 
management
2050
/  Update of the sustainable business mobilization 
target from 100 to 200 billion euros
/  Publication of intermediate alignment targets for 
2030  in banking activity: Power generation, 
Autos, Steel and Cement sectors 
/  Publication of phase out targets for Coal 
(2030-2040)
/  Founding member of the Net Zero Banking 
Alliance.
/  BBVA Asset Management joins the Net Zero 
Asset Managers Initiative
2021
/  Update of the sustainable business 
mobilization target from 200 to 300 
billion euros
/  Publication of intermediate alignment 
targets for 2030 in banking activity with 
the Oil & Gas sector
/  Publication of intermediate alignment 
targets for 22% of portfolios under 
management in Spain and Mexico
/  92% use of renewable energy 
2022
Publication of 
intermediate alignment 
targets for 2030 in 
banking operations for 
additional sectors and 
expansion of the 
perimeter of portfolios 
under management 
2023
Mobilization of 300 
billion euros in 
sustainable business 
mobilization between 
2018 and 2025
2025
/  Phase out of Coal in developed 
countries 
/  Alignment of Oil & Gas, Power 
generation, Autos, Steel and Cement 
sectors in banking activity 
/  Alignment of 22% of portfolios under 
management in Spain and Mexico
/  100% use of renewable energy 
2030
Phase out of 
Coal globally
2040
Our road TO NET ZERO2050
P.  5
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Model01. Governance
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board is supported by its specialized Committees in the implementation of the Sustainability strategy throughout the Group
Executive
COMMITTEE
Supports the Board in 
decision-making and 
monitoring BBVA’s 
Sustainability goals
Audit 
COMMITTEE
Non-Financial 
information 
and reporting
Appointments & 
Corporate Governance 
COMMITTEE
Reinforcement 
of the Board’s 
ESG skills
Remuneration 
COMMITTEE
Executive 
remuneration 
linked to ESG 
indicators
Risk & 
Compliance
COMMITTEE
Risks-related 
matters (indicators, 
RAF, etc.)
Technology & 
Cybersecurity
COMMITTEE
Cybersecurity risks 
and T echnology 
strategy 
The BOARD has strengthened its knowledge and experience in the /f_ield of Sustainability, through:
The appointment of members with extensive 
knowledge and experience on the matter.
It has extended its training programs 
to include Sustainability issues
A strategic priority with a cross-sectional approach
P.  6
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
VARIABLE REMUNERATION 
Of EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
and SENIOR MANAGEMENT
FROM 2023 
Of all EMPLOYEES
Linked to the mobilization of sustainable 
business (€300bn between 2018 and 2025) 
FROM 2021
Linked to decarbonization targets (subject to the 
approvals of the corresponding corporate bodies)
CEO CHAIR
(related to strategy and transformation)
Head of Global Sustainability Area
Client Solutions Mexico
CIB Investment 
Banking & Finance
Client Solutions Spain
Client Solutions 
Latin America
Client Solutions T urkey
CIB Geographies & 
Global Cross Border
Strategy, 
alignment & control
Buiness 
Development
T&C, Community
Investments & Data
Responsible 
Business
Sustainability 
Transition
Model01. Governance
 At management level, there 
is a Global Sustainability 
Business Area that reports 
directly to the Chair (in this 
case, in areas related to 
strategy and transformation) 
and the CEO.
All business development 
teams have a 
co-dependence with the 
Global Sustainability Area.
A governance model at the 
highest executive level with 
report to the Board of 
Directors and its support 
Committees.
P.  7
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Strategy
02.
With       main goals and indicators 3
01. Foster new business through sustainability
Our ambition is to seize business opportunities and manage our risks and impacts
Through:
I.S ector teams and network of experts in Sustainability, and 
II.Sector plans to proactively address portfolio alignment and climate transition
1. Sector strategy for corporate clients
Working on 5 growth levers: Developing best in class risk 
management capabilities in sustainability
With dedicated teams in diﬀerent geographies (auto, real estate, 
agriculture, supply chain, energy, inclusive growth)
2. Driving the business of companies
T o expand the retail business by leveraging the digital advantage 
with dedicated teams in geographies (auto, energy eﬃciency, 
voluntary carbon markets...)
3. Launching innovative business big bets to expand the
sustainable business
Currently unbankable with traditional structures: (hydrogen, 
batteries, carbon capture, storage and use technologies, etc.)
4. Financing new sustainable technologies
Promoting the creation of expert knowledge, advanced analytics, 
risk management tools and processes related to sustainability
5. Developing the best capacity to manage risks
02. Achieve Net Zero 2050
 03.
Make a 
positive impact
1. Governance Model focused on alignment:
Sustainability Alignment Steering Group (SASG)
1. General training
programs on Sustainability
for all employees. Speci/f_ic
training programs on
decarbonization for
bankers and risk analysts
2. T ransparency in ESG
reporting: GRI, SASB, 
WEF_IBC Stakeholder
Capitalism Metrics in
Annual Report, TCFD, 
T ransition Plan
3. Promotion of gender
diversity in management
positions
4. Support Community
Investment
7 . Taking into account Just T ransition
and Natural Capital
4. Engagement strategy with Clients
3. T ools to manage risks
5. Engagement strategy with industry
and the public sector
2. Sectoral Plans
6. Management of direct impact
of our operations
P.  8
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
The clients at an advanced stage of 
transition/one.numr account for 11% of BBVA's drawn 
amount in this industry.
BBVA will collaborate clients who have plans 
yet to be developed, to help them create solid 
plans and set clear emission reduction 
targets.  
BBVA will assist its clients in their 
diversi/f_ication and decarbonization.
BBVA will not directly /f_inance new projects 
related to exploration, drilling and extraction.
2020 2022 2024 2026 2028 2030
BBVA Portfolio
Absolute Emissions in mn t CO2e
14
9.8
o.w. 11% of drawn amount with 
advanced transition clients
OIL & GAS 
The clients at an advanced stage of 
transition/one.numr account for 83% of the total 
commitment amount in this industry.
Intensity: outperforming the market.
Portfolio volume +26% (vs 2020).
Support for client who invest in renewables, 
and aim to reduce new /f_inancing to energy 
generation from Coal.
2022  aﬀected by the world energy crisis 
and the weather conditions (Coal plants /f_ill 
the gap of gas).
221
199 212
107
411 414426
2020 2022 2024 2026 2028 2030
BBVA Portfolio Market pathway real
o.w. 83% of total commitment 
with advanced transition clients
Emissions intensity in kg CO2e/MWh
POWER GENERATION 
100% of the total commitment amount with 
clients at an advanced stage of transition/one.numr.
Intensity: closing the gap with the market 
pathway.
Portfolio volume is stable.
Support for client who invest in new 
technologies and are at an advanced stage 
of transition to decarbonization (electric 
and hybrid vehicles).
Vehicle manufacturing has remained stable 
with an increase in market share for electric 
and hybrid vehicles.
2020 2022 2024 2026 2028 2030
205 202 195
110
190
180 180
The market path for autos shows a calculation rounded to tens pending the availability of more granularity
BBVA Portfolio Market pathway real
Emissions intensity in kg CO2e/km
o.w. 100% of total commitment 
with advanced transition clients
AUTO
1. Clients at an advanced stage of transition show strong positioning according to internal tools such as T ransition Risk indicator (TRi), including the de/f_inition of medium-term emission reduction targets, the 
identi/f_ication of reduction levers for emissions management and the commitment of capital investments to execute their transition plan and/or other internal assessments based on the client's emission intensity 
compared to its peers
The strategy and the goal to reach net zero emissions 2050 translates into progress in our performance towards the decarbonization targets set
EM
IS S I O N S  I N T E N S IT Y
2 0 2 0  /hyphen.uc  2 0 2 2
4 %
EM
IS S I O N S  I N T E N S IT Y
2 0 2 0  /hyphen.uc  2 0 2 2
4,8  %
It is important to note that progress toward these goals is not expected to be linear in the short term. 
Strategy
02.
P.  9
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
The clients at an advanced stage of transition/one.numr 
account for 68% of the total commitment 
amount in this industry
Intensity: outperforming the market.
Portfolio volume + 27% (vs 2020).
Support for clients at advanced stage of transition.
Decarbonizing the Steel industry will require 
major investments in new EAF (Electric Arc 
Furnaces)  production methods and H2-DRI 
(Direct Reduction of Iron with Hydrogen) and 
greater % of recycled materials.
STEEL
The clients at an advanced stage of transition/one.numr 
account for 82% of the total commitment 
amount in this industry
Intensity: outperforming the market.
Portfolio volume -1,5% (vs 2020).
Support for clients at advanced stage of 
transition.
Decarbonization will require technologies that 
are not available, improved energy and material 
eﬃciency (% clinker), low-carbon fuels and 
innovation in low-carbon technologies.
700 690 690 579
700 700 700
2020 2022 2024 2026 2028 2030
o.w. 82% of total commitment 
with advanced transition clients
BBVA Portfolio Market pathway real
Emissions intensity in kg CO2/t cement
2020 2022 2024 2026 2028 2030
1,750
1,7501,750
1,270
1,250
1,140
984
BBVA Portfolio Market pathway real
Emissions intensity in kg CO2/t steel
o.w. 68% of total commitment 
with advanced transition clients
CEMENT
61%  of the total commitment 
amount with clients who are 
expected to transition in time to 
meet the phase-out target for 
thermal Coal. 
Reduction target for new /f_inance.
Support to /f_inance sustainable 
projects to help them transition.
PHASE OUT OF 
COAL/two.numr
EM
ISSIONS  INTENSITY
2020 /hyphen.uc 2022
1,4  %
EM
ISSIONS  INTENSITY
2020 /hyphen.uc 2022
10,2  %
1. Clients at an advanced stage of transition show strong positioning according to internal tools such as T ransition Risk indicator (TRi), including the de/f_inition of medium-term emission reduction targets, the 
identi/f_ication of reduction levers for emissions management and the commitment of capital investments to execute their transition plan and/or other internal assessments based on the client's emission intensity 
compared to its peers    |    2. 2030 in developed countries and 2040 globally, under the terms of the Environmental and Social Framework published on the shareholders and investors website. 
It is important to note that progress toward these goals is not expected to be linear in the short term. 
Strategy
02.
P.  10
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Integrating Climate Change into RAF, business strategy and daily risk management
Risk Appetite Framework
Risk assessment
Scenario analysis
Stress test
Integration of physical risk into 
ICAAP
New metric in management 
limits for 2023
Capital natural Dependencies / 
Portfolio Heat Map
RISKPLANNING
Transition risks
Physical risks
INTERNAL
TAXONOMY
Wholesale lending 
sector frameworks
Operating frameworks 
for the retail business 
CREDITPOLICIES
Onboarding
Client review
Loan approval
CREDIT
POLICIES
management03. Risk
P.  11
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
And aligning our activity to net zero 2050
01.
With an alignment 
governance model focused 
on monitoring the 
achievement of objectives
SUSTAINABILITY ALIGNMENT 
STEERING GROUP
As the body to:
/  Approve of the proposal of 
sectoral alignment objectives, 
/  Promote initiatives to facilitate 
their management and
/  Promote and integrate of 
sustainable criteria in 
day-to-day business
CIB
Global Risk Management
Other business teams
(if neccesary)
Global Sustainability Area
Strategy
02.
With Sector plans to 
manage alignment targets
SECTOR PLANS for the 6 
sectors with alignment 
targets published
OIL & GAS
COAL
CEMENT
POWER GENERATION
STEEL
AUTO
DASHBOARD PACTA
CLIENT TOOLKIT
TRANSITION RISK INDICATOR
/parenleft.ucTRi/parenright.uc
AND MANAGEMENT TOOLS 
to promote the integration 
in day-to-day business:
... that allow to set annual 
targets for each sector
04.
And managing the direct 
impact of our own operations
33%
/emdash.salt_em%
39%
(13)%
(41)%
(67)%
(48)%
(81)%
79%
66% 67% 70%
(68)%
92%
2015 2019 2021 2022 2025
% of Renewable Electricity
Objective Renewable 
Electricity Goal (15-25)
Objective Goal Rediction 
of CO/two.sinf emissions Scope 1+2 (15-25)
% Reduction of CO/two.sinf emissions 
Scope 1+2 compared to 2015
management03. Risk
03.
With Tools as the Transition Risk Indicator (TRI) as a key input for each Sector Plan that allows tierization of clients and tailor made advice
TRANSITION RISK INDICATOR (TRi) 2 metrics...
… that combined with CREDIT POLICIES ALLOW  
to determine the progress of clients toward transition
20% awareness (CCA)
Governance
model
25%
25%
Strategy
25%
Metrics 
& Targets
25%
Risk 
Management
Potential increase in share of business with top rated clients
Qualitative assessment for the decision-making process
Engagement plan   |   Risk mitigation initiativesPOOR
MODERATE
STRONG
ADVANCED
Credit rating        AAA    AA+    A    AA-    A+    A    BBB+    BBB    BBB-    BB+    BB    BB-    B+    B    B-    CCC+ CCC
Transition Risk Indicator
80% assessment of transition (CTA)
40%
Medium term 
response 
activities
35%
Current low 
carbon transition 
business pro/f_ile 
25%
Exposure to 
medium-term 
technology / 
policy / 
market risk
P.  12
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
06.Exposure to transition risk, "High T ransition risk sectors"
Sector EAD Dec. 22
12.95 %
Wholesale EAD
6.69 %
EAD of 
BBVA Group
Oil & Gas 4.8 %
Coal/six.numr 0.1 %
Cement 0.6 %
Power generation 3.2 %
Steel 1.4 %
Auto 2.2 %
Transport 0.7 %
and targets 04. Metrics
01. Mobilization of sustainable business 02. Sustainable business breakdown 2018-2022 03. Alignment targets and emissions allocated
(banking activity) 
New target  
(2022)
€300 bn
2018
 2019
 2020
 2022
 2023
 2024
2021
Channeled from 2018 
(€55bn  in 2022)
€ 136bn
2025
Initial target
(2018)
€100 bn
Target revised
(2021)
€200 bn
DEC 2022
% progress 
2022
Emissions allocated
associated with the 
value chain/three.numr  (M t CO/two.sinfe)/seven.numr
n/a n/a
0.31
-1.4% 0.31
-4.0% 3.5
-10.2% 0.82
2020/five.numr
-
700
221
1270
205
2020/one.numr - 2030
target
-30%
-17%
-52%
-23%
-46%
2022
-
1,701
690
212
1140
195 -4.8% 0.77
Sector and metric
Oil & Gas
Mn t CO/two.sinfe/five.numr
Coal/six.numr
€Mn
Cement
kg CO/two.sinf /t Cement
Power generation
kg CO/two.sinfe/Mwh
Steel
kg CO/two.sinf/t Steel
Auto
g CO/two.sinf/v-km
Transport
g CO/two.sinf/v-km
Aviation and maritime 
transport in 2023
04. Emissions
NEUTRAL/four.numr  in own 
direct emissions 
since
SCOPE 1+2  
CO/two.sinf emissions 
reduction 
(2015-2022): -81 %
2020
05. Renewable energy
In our own operations in
2022 92 %
TARGET
2030 100 %
07. Exposure to physical risk in 2022
Sectors with greater vulnerability: 
Power generation, basic materials, 
construction, consumer, real estate
* Includes the portfolios of Spain, Mexico, Turkey, Peru, Colombia 
and Argentina
Loans to non-/f_inancial 
corporations
13,6%  (exposed)
Residential mortgages 
12,0%  (exposed)
BBVA Micro/f_inance 
Foundation
5%
Retail
11%
Enterprises
19%
BY
CUSTOMER
CIB
65%
Inclusive 
growth
22%
Climate
Change 
78%
BY
CATEGORY 1  
Non-Project 
Finance and 
transactional 
banking activity
74%
Investment products art. 8 or 9 under SFDR 2  or similar 
criteria outside the EU, managed, 
intermediated or 
marketed by BBVA 3 
4%
Project /f_inance
5%
Bonds in which BBVA 
acts as bookrunner
17%
BY
PRODUCT
(1) In those cases where it is not feasible or there is not enough information available to allow an exact distribution between the categories of climate change and inclusive growth, internal estimates are made based on the information available. |  (2) Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation (SFDR)  |  (3) Includes, in CIB and Enterprise: structured deposits, mainly; and in Retail: structured deposits, insurance policies for electric vehicles and self-renting of electric vehicles, mainly  |  (4) Scope 1, 2 and part of scope 3: waste, emissions from business trips and
the displacement of employees of central services in the main geographies where BBVA operates.   |  (5) Oil & Gas, baseline year 2021  |  (6) Phase-out 2030 in developed countries and 2040 globally  |  (7) Perimeter: BBVA SA except Portugal branches
P.  13
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Introduction
Sustainability and the 
financial sector
Climate change is one of the great 
challenges that humanity is facing and 
requires large volumes of investment. It is 
estimated that decarbonization in the world 
requires investments of USD275 trillion until 
2050, more than 8% of annual world GDP , in 
clean energy, new materials, infrastructure, 
agricultural technologies, CO2 capture and 
storage, etc1. 
Climate change presents short, medium 
and long-term risks for the Group and its 
customers, and these risks are expected 
to increase over time. Thus, the Group’s 
activities or those of its customers could be 
negatively affected by transition risks (those 
linked to the transition to a low-carbon 
economy in response to climate change) 
and physical risks (due to greater frequency 
and severity of meteorological phenomena 
extremes or long-term weather changes).
1. Source: “The net-zero transition: What it would cost, what it could 
bring” , McKinsey & Company, 2022.
Any of these factors could negatively affect 
the financial situation of the Group. Aware of 
this risk, BBVA is developing methodologies 
to understand and integrate said climate 
risk into its business models. At the same 
time, there are a series of opportunities 
associated with climate change that BBVA 
is very aware of in order to take advantage 
of and position itself correctly in light of the 
significant disruption it entails.
Climate change and the transition to a 
low-carbon economy have significant 
implications for the value chains of most 
productive sectors, since they require 
significant investments in many industries. 
As a financial institution, BBVA has an 
indirect impact on the environment and 
society through its lending activity and the 
projects it finances.
Customers, markets and society as a 
whole not only expect large companies to 
create value, but also expect them to make 
a positive contribution to society and that 
the economic development to which they 
contribute through their financial activity is 
inclusive and contributes to a just transition.
That said, the investment needed to 
make the world go zero emissions has 
to be attractive, economically viable and 
profitable. In this sense, investment in 
renewables, energy efficiency or electric 
cars already has a profitable alternative 
for families and companies, compared to 
fossil fuels. However, most activities do 
not have an emission-free version that is 
economically viable.
BBVA aims to gradually align its business to 
a zero net emissions scenario by 2050 and 
to use its role as a bank to help its customers 
with finance, advice and innovative solutions 
in the transition towards a more sustainable 
future inspired by the Sustainable 
Development Goals. 
P.  15
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
INTRODUCTION
Sustainability: a 
strategic priority for 
BBVA
A few years ago, BBVA carried out a process 
of strategic reflection to continue deepening 
its transformation and adapt to the major 
trends that are changing the world and the 
financial industry.
BBVA has a governance model at the highest 
level that has defined sustainability as one of 
its six strategic priorities, integrating it on a 
cross-cutting basis in the executive area and 
focusing on the fight against climate change 
and inclusive growth. BBVA has conducted 
an analysis of risks and opportunities 
associated with climate change and has a risk 
management model associated with climate 
change as described in this report.
BBVA is guided by a purpose: 
“T o bring the age 
of opportunity to 
everyone” .
A purpose that seeks to have a positive 
impact on the lives of individuals, businesses 
and society as a whole. Helping our clients 
transition towards a more sustainable future 
is one of the way to materialize this purpose.
Our strategic 
priorities
Reaching more 
clients
Driving operational 
excellence
The best and most 
engaged team
Data and 
Technology
Improving our clients’ 
ﬁnancial health
Helping our clients transition
towards a sustainable future
P.  16
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
INTRODUCTION
As a financial institution, BBVA has an impact 
on the environment and society directly 
through the consumption of natural resources 
and its relationship with stakeholders; and 
indirectly, the most relevant, through its 
lending activity and the projects it finances. 
Sustainability is integrated at the highest 
executive level of the organization, with the 
aspiration of becoming a benchmark bank in 
sustainability solutions. Since 2018, BBVA has 
mobilized €136bn in sustainable business, of 
which only €50bn in 2022, the year in which it 
has raised its target to €300bn (2018-2025).
BBVA is  a neutral company in terms of CO2 
emissions in both scope 1 and 2, and partially 
in scope 3 (waste, emissions from business 
travel and travel of headquarters employees) 
in the main geographies of the Group2 and 
aspires to be neutral in indirect emissions 
(customer which it finances) by 2050.
2. Certain geographical areas are not included in the perimeter (Venezuela, 
Chile, Bolivia, Switzerland, the United States, Brazil and BBVA branches 
outside of Spain) nor certain BBVA Group companies in Spain and T urkey, 
which represent 8.2% of all BBVA Group employees.
T o do this, BBVA set the goal to stop 
financing coal in 2030 in developed 
countries and in 2040 in the rest of the 
geographies where it operates, in the 
terms set by the Environmental and Social 
framework published in its website. In 
addition, BBVA has set intermediate targets 
for 2030 to decarbonize its loan portfolio 
in both some of the most carbon-intensive 
sectors (oil & gas, power generation, autos, 
steel and cement) and the 22% of the assets 
under management.
BBVA was a founder of the Net-Zero 
Banking Alliance (NZBA) and BBVA Asset 
Management is a member of the Net Zero 
Asset Managers Initiative.
BBVA is committed to transparency and 
publishes its fourth TCFD Report, following 
the recommendations of the T ask Force 
on climate-related financial disclosure 
sponsored by the Financial Stability 
Board (FSB). Further, in this report BBVA 
incorporates for the first time elements of a 
T ransition Plan following the guidelines and 
recommendations for financial institutions 
published by the Glasgow Financial Alliance 
for Net Zero (GFANZ).
As described in the Annexes, BBVA’s 
goal is to disclose in a consistent, reliable 
and standardized manner the essential 
aspects of ESG (environmental, social 
and governance). In addition to the Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) guide, BBVA 
has voluntarily published additional 
sustainability metrics since 2020 following 
two of the most advanced standards in the 
market, such as those issued by the World 
Economic Forum-International Business 
Council (hereinafter, WEF-IBC) or by the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 
(hereinafter, SASB).
P.  17
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
INTRODUCTION
Specific KPIs to monitor our 
progress
The ambition is to support business growth 
and manage its impacts, with 3 main 
objectives and indicators.
(1) Announced goal in October 2022     |    (2) Working on the targets of more sectors    |     (3) 2040 globally
T o channel sustainable business. New BBVA 2025 1 goal
Climate change and inclusive growth
Working on 5 growth levers:
Through: 
I. S ector teams and network of experts in Sustainability, and 
II. Sector plans to proactively address portfolio alignment and climate transition
1. Sector strategy for corporate clients
With dedicated teams in diﬀerent geographies (auto, real estate, 
agriculture, supply chain, energy, inclusive growth)
2. Driving the business of companies
T o expand the retail business by leveraging the digital advantage with 
dedicated teams in geographies (auto, energy eﬃciency, voluntary 
carbon markets...)
3. Launching innovative business big bets to expand the
sustainable business
Currently unbankable with traditional structures: (hydrogen, batteries, 
carbon capture, storage and use technologies, etc.)
4. Financing new sustainable technologies
Promoting the creation of expert knowledge, advanced analytics, risk 
management tools and processes related to sustainability
5. Developing the best capacity to manage risks
€136bn
Real
2018 - 2022€300bn
From
2018 to 2025
Foster new business through sustainability
01.
2030 Portfolio Alignment Targets 
for 6 carbon intensive sectors 2
Decarbonization targets for Asset 
Management portfolio
Carbon Neutral in our own operations
Renewable energy use by 2030 
in our own operations 100%
O&G
POWER
AUTO
STEEL
CEMENT
COAL /three.numr
Achieve Net Zero 205002.
WOMEN IN MANAGEMENT 
POSITIONS 35%
Real 2022
33.5 %
Community investment 
2 021-2025 
€550mn 100mn PEOPLE
Real 2021 - 2022
€ 237mn 62mn PEOPLE
Diversity
202
4
Make a positive 
impact03.
DJSI
In 2022, BBVA obtained the highest 
grade (86 points) among banks in 
Europe and the second globally in 
the latest Dow Jones Sustainability 
Index (DJSI), benchmark index in 
terms of sustainability
P.  18
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
INTRODUCTION
Governance model
SECTION 01
Corporate bodies
BBVA’s corporate bodies have defined and 
promoted that the Group has a strategy 
that incorporates sustainability as one of its 
priorities. Sustainability was embedded in 
the Group’s strategic plan in 2019. 
For the Board of Directors, an essential 
element of this strategic approach is the 
integration of sustainability into the Group’s 
businesses and activities, managing the risks 
associated with these areas, and considering 
them a great business opportunity to 
support its growth strategy. Combined 
with this is the establishment of targets 
which facilitate their execution, supervision 
and monitoring. This approach allows the 
Group’s corporate bodies to define the 
basic lines of action for BBVA as regards 
the management of opportunities and risks 
arising from sustainability and oversee 
their execution by the executive areas in all 
spheres of the Entity’s operations.
For this role, the Board is assisted by 
its committees on matters within their 
respective areas of concern. The Executive 
Committee plays an active role in promoting 
this strategy and monitoring the integration 
of sustainability into the Group’s business 
processes and activities. 
Also important is the role of the Risk and 
Compliance Committee, which assists 
the Board of Directors in the integration 
of sustainability in the analysis, planning 
and management of the Group’s risks, and 
in supervising their execution; that of the 
Audit Committee, in supervising the public 
information on sustainability reported to the 
market; and the Remuneration Committee, 
in driving the integration of indicators related 
to sustainability in the Group’s variable 
remuneration model.
In the exercise of these functions, in 
2022 the Board approved the update of 
the General Sustainability Policy, which 
integrates the previous Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy and the General 
Sustainability Policy. The new policy sets 
out the general principles and the key 
management and control objectives and 
guidelines to be followed by the Group in 
terms of sustainable development with a 
focus on climate change, natural capital and 
inclusive growth.
In addition to this, there is the role of the 
corporate supervisory and monitoring 
bodies for the implementation of the 
Group’s sustainability strategy and activity, 
and compliance with the organization’s 
objectives, which is carried out based on the 
reports received by the Sustainability Area 
and the different areas of the Bank which 
incorporate sustainability into their daily 
businesses and activities. The reports are 
submitted to the corporate bodies according 
to their area of concern along the lines 
described in the preceding paragraphs, on a 
scheduled or ad hoc basis.
T o achieve the best performance of its 
functions in this area, the Board of Directors 
believes it necessary to have suitable 
knowledge and experience in sustainability 
matters. T o this end, it continues to conduct 
initiatives that involve the recruitment, 
within the process of gradual replacement 
its members, of directors with extensive 
knowledge and experience in these matters, 
and in the extension of the continuous 
training program of its members to matters 
related to sustainability.
P.  20
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 01 / GOVERNANCE MODEL
T ransversal 
integration of 
sustainability into the 
executive sphere
BBVA incorporates sustainability as part 
of its daily activities, encompassing not 
only relations with customers but also 
internal processes. The definition and 
execution of the strategy, which includes 
sustainability and climate change as one of 
its priorities, has a transversal nature, being 
the responsibility of all areas of the Group 
to incorporate it progressively into their 
strategic agenda and their work dynamics. 
In 2021, BBVA gave fresh impetus to its 
strategy by elevating sustainability to the 
highest executive level of the organization by 
creating the global Sustainability business 
area, with direct reporting to the CEO and 
the Chair (in this case, in areas linked to 
strategy and transformation).
In a context in which all the Group employees 
and areas integrate sustainability into 
their day-to-day activity, the new global 
area designs the strategic sustainability 
agenda, defines and promotes the lines of 
work in this area of the different global and 
transformation units (including Finance, 
T alent and Culture, Data, Engineering, and 
Organization among others) and develops 
new sustainable products.
In addition, BBVA has established a network 
of experts, comprising sustainability 
specialists from different areas of the Group 
(Client Solutions, Corporate & Investment 
Banking, Asset Management, Global Risk 
Management and Global Sustainability 
area itself), coordinated as a network by 
the global Sustainability business area. 
These experts are responsible for building 
knowledge in the field of sustainability in 
the Group aimed at customer guidance, 
as well as supporting the areas in the 
development of new value propositions in 
the field of sustainability, the integration of 
risks of climate change in risk management 
and the definition of a public agenda and 
sustainability standards.
The Group’s sustainability governance model 
integrates a suitable structure of corporate 
bodies with a robust executive structure 
that reports to them. It combines the cross-
cutting reach of the global sustainability area 
with the execution of the strategic priority 
in the various business areas, which allows 
the Board and its Committees to have the 
necessary information to make suitable 
decisions and perform their supervisory and 
control function.
P.  21
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 01 / GOVERNANCE MODEL
BUSINESS AREAS
Responsible for driving business 
transformation and executing the strategic 
plan.
STRATEGY,  ALIGNMENT  & CONTROL
Responsible for leading, coordinating 
and monitoring the Group’s sustainability 
initiatives.
SUSTAINABILITY TRANSITION
Responsible for fostering sustainable business 
growth in all countries and in all business 
segments, supported by the development 
and implementation of innovative financial 
solutions and deployment of new tools.
T&C,  COMMUNITY  INVESTMENTS  & DATA
Responsible for driving social or inclusive 
growth business in all countries and business 
segments, supported by the development of 
innovative financial solutions, as well as for 
community investment and the design and 
implementation of the sustainability data 
strategy.
RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS
Responsible for defining sustainability 
standards and validating their application, 
implementing processes and the 
transformation plan, as well as managing 
non-financial risks related to sustainability. In 
addition, it is responsible for the public agenda 
on sustainability, responsible customer 
experience and impact management.
CEO
Head of Global Sustainability Area
Client Solutions 
Mexico
CIB Investment 
Banking & Finance
Client Solutions
Spain
Client Solutions 
South America
Client Solutions 
T urkey
CIB Geographies & 
Global Cross Border
Business
areas
Responsible
Business
Sustainability
T ransition
Strategy, 
alignment 
& control
T&C, 
Community 
Investments 
& Data
CHAIR
(related to strategy and transformation)
P.  22
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 01 / GOVERNANCE MODEL
Alignment governance
BBVA has set financed emissions alignment 
targets in line with NZBA guidelines for the  
oil & gas, power generation, autos, steel, 
cement and coal sectors, and is in the 
process of setting targets for new sectors.
BBVA has specified a governance model 
for the approval and monitoring of these 
alignment goals, the levers to implement 
them, as well as the decision-making for 
their management.
The governance framework for portfolio 
alignment management rests on three 
main pillars:
01.  
The creation of a Sustainability Alignment 
Steering Group (SASG) to approve 
the proposal of the alignment goals and 
levers, monitor compliance and promote 
knowledge of the best industry practices 
in sustainability and their integration into 
business management. This group consists 
of the global heads of Global Sustainability 
business area, Global Risk Management, 
Corporate & Investment Banking and 
Strategy. They report to the CEO, the Chair 
and the Board of Directors through the 
Global Sustainability business area. More 
specifically, the functions of this group are:
 Approval of the proposal of the sectoral 
alignment objectives and intermediate 
objectives, as well as the methodologies 
used in their calculation.
 Evaluation of the fulfillment of these 
objectives and the promotion of initiatives 
to facilitate their management.
 Analysis and understanding of the best 
practices in the sector, promoting the 
integration of alignment criteria in day-to-
day business.
After having passed through the SASG, 
the monitoring of compliance with the 
objectives, including the explanation of 
possible deviations and measures to redirect 
them (if applicable), will be submitted for 
review to the highest executive level and 
subsequently to the corporate bodies, at 
least two-yearly.
02. 
The definition of a business area leader for 
each sector (or cluster of sectors) to define 
and follow a Sector Strategic Plan and its 
related KPIs associated with the alignment 
goals achievement.
03. 
Integration into business and risk 
processes, as customer alignment and 
expectations of their evolution towards a 
low-carbon economy must be a further 
consideration in risk decisions.
Another key aspect is the creation of 
multidisciplinary industry climate and 
environment working groups comprising 
business, risks, strategy and sustainability 
areas, which generate sectoral intelligence 
to support critical processes related to the 
opportunities and risks arising from the 
decarbonization of clients. 
Global Risk 
Management
Global 
Sustainability 
Area
Other business 
teams
(if appropriate)
Sustainability 
Alignment 
Steering GroupStrategy
CIB
  
  
P.  23
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 01 / GOVERNANCE MODEL
Remuneration 
systems
As established in the DIRECTORS’ 
REMUNERATION POLICY approved 
by the General Shareholders’ Meeting, 
the remuneration system for executive 
directors includes a FIXED , remuneration, 
which will take into account the level 
of responsibility and the functions 
performed, and a VARIABLE  remuneration.
The remuneration model applicable to 
all BBVA Group employees also consists 
of a FIXED , remuneration and a VARIABLE  
remuneration.
The corporate variable compensation 
model aligns VARIABLE  compensation 
with the Group’s strategic objectives. 
This remuneration is based on an 
incentive, which is granted on an ANNUAL
basis, and reflects its performance 
measured through the ACHIEVING OF 
PREVIOUSLY ESTABLISHED TARGETS 
to evaluate the results obtained in each 
financial year, based on the strategic 
priorities defined by the Group and 
considering the risk incurred.  
 
 
FINANCIAL  performance indicators 
are aligned with the Group’s most 
relevant management metrics. 
Regarding NON-FINANCIAL  indicators, 
they are related to the strategic 
objectives defined at Group level and, 
in the case of executive directors, 
in 2022 they include indicators that 
incorporate ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND 
ENVIRONMENTAL, aspects, as well as 
other indicators referring to DIVERSITY 
AND INCLUSION.
Since 2021, the SUSTAINABLE 
BUSINESS mobilization target has been 
part of the indicators for calculating the 
variable remuneration of all BBVA Group 
employees. This indicator is related 
directly to the activity carried out by 
the Group in the fight against climate 
change. In 2022, the same non-financial 
indicators have been maintained as those 
applied in 2021 for the calculation of 
the Annual Variable Remuneration of all 
employees.
As of 2023 and bound to the approval of 
the corresponding corporate bodies, the 
BBVA Directors Remuneration Policy and 
the BBVA Group General Remuneration 
Policy are expected to include, as part of 
the Annual Variable Remuneration of the 
members of the identified group, including 
executive directors and members of the 
Senior Management of BBVA, a long-term 
incentive linked, among other things, to 
the degree of COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
DECARBONISATION objectives of a series 
of sectors for which the Bank publishes 
specific objectives.
P.  24
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 01 / GOVERNANCE MODEL
SECTION 02
Strategy
The global Sustainability business area 
designs the strategic sustainability agenda, 
directs the business, defines and promotes 
the lines of work in this area for the global 
business and transformation units, and 
develops new sustainable products, in a 
context in which the Group’s employees 
and areas integrate sustainability into their 
daily work. 
In this context, significant progress 
has been made in the identification 
and prioritization of major business 
opportunities (Big Bets) in the different 
geographies where the BBVA Group is 
present, which are defined in more detail in 
the section  Climate change opportunities for BBVA. 
This integration of sustainability into BBVA’s 
strategy is also reflected in leadership and 
innovation opportunities with BBVA being 
a pioneer in the implementation of certain 
solutions tailored to customer needs (see 
more detail in the METRICS AND GOALS  
section), which has contributed channel 
€136bn to sustainable activities between 
2018 and 2022, with a target of mobilizing 
€300bn by 2025.
With respect to risks, considerable progress 
has been made in identifying risks derived 
from sustainability, and in adapting 
BBVA to regulatory requirements and 
initiatives. BBVA has taken on the goal of 
being emission-neutral by 2050, has set 
the goal to stop financing coal by 2030 in 
developed countries and by 2040 in the rest 
of the geographies where it operates (in 
the terms of its Environmental and Social 
Framework), and has set intermediate 
targets for 2030 to decarbonize its portfolio 
in the electricity generation, oil & gas, autos, 
steel and cement sectors and in part of its 
BBVA Asset Management portfolio. See 
MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH  
CLIMATE CHANGE .
Likewise, BBVA has also developed industry-
specific plans with the development of a 
transition risk management framework 
and the construction of tools such as a 
transition risk indicator at client level and 
for sectors classified as high transition 
risk, which allows the incorporation of a 
medium and long-term vision regarding the 
level of preparedness of companies to face 
the decarbonization process. Additionally, 
a new metric was incorporated into the 
2023 management limits, with a transition 
risk management approach, by focusing 
on customers with a level of misalignment 
with respect to the emissions intensity 
trajectories established by the International 
Energy Agency’s Net Zero Emissions 
scenario, as indicated in the section 
MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH  
CLIMATE CHANGE .
Lastly, it is worth to mention that the Bank 
has a strong presence in international 
initiatives and indexes worldwide, 
highlighting the highest score (86 points) 
obtained in 2022 among the banks in 
Europe and the second at global level in the 
last Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) 
(see  Main advances in the execution of the strategy  
section).
Pioneers in sustainability
 
Sustainability has a long history at BBVA, 
since it participated in the first green bond 
issue in 2007 . Sustainability is currently a 
major element of BBVA’s strategy, as one of 
its six strategic priorities: helping our clients 
transition towards a sustainable future.
Our ambition is to support business growth 
and manage its impacts, with 3 main goals 
and indicators:
1/ Foster new business through 
sustainability,
2/  Achieve Net Zero 2050,
3/ Make a positive impact.
P.  26
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
(1) Scope 1 & 2 and part of scope 3: waste, emissions from business travel and trips of central service employees in the main geographies where it operates. 
Neutral in its 
own CO/two.sinf 
emissions/one.numr 
2020
Net zero emissions 
in banking 
operations and asset 
management
2050
/  Update of the sustainable business 
mobilization target from 100 to 200 
billion euros
/  Publication of intermediate alignment 
targets for 2030 in banking activity: 
Power generation, Autos, Steel and 
Cement sectors 
/  Publication of phase out targets for 
Coal (2030-2040)
/  Founding member of the Net Zero 
Banking Alliance.
/  BBVA Asset Management joins the Net 
Zero Asset Managers Initiative
2021
/  Update of the sustainable 
business mobilization target 
from 200 to 300 billion euros
/  Publication of intermediate 
alignment targets for 2030 in 
banking activity with the Oil & Gas 
sector
/  Publication of intermediate 
alignment targets for 22% of 
portfolios under management in 
Spain and Mexico
/  92% use of renewable energy 
2022
Publication of 
intermediate alignment 
targets for 2030 in 
banking operations for 
additional sectors and 
expansion of the 
perimeter of 
portfolios under 
management 
2023
Mobilization of 
300 billion euros 
in sustainable 
business 
mobilization 
between 2018 
and 2025
2025
/  Phase out of Coal in developed 
countries 
/  Alignment of Oil & Gas, Power 
generation, Autos, Steel and 
Cement sectors in banking 
activity 
/  Alignment of 22% of portfolios 
under management in Spain 
and Mexico
/  100% use of renewable energy 
2030
Phase out 
of Coal 
globally
2040
Our road TO NET ZERO in 2050
Definition of risks and opportunities associated with climate change
Climate change is a challenge that needs 
to be addressed urgently, but it is also 
a major business opportunity for the 
financial sector. The decarbonization of 
the economy will have an impact on all 
industries and on the way people move, 
consume or fit out their homes, requiring 
significant investment that will last for 
decades to come.
In addition, the Bank has an opportunity 
to promote inclusive growth. The current 
environment, with high digitalization 
and use of data, makes it easier to 
provide an efficient service with a deeper 
understanding of customer behavior. 
This environment allows to develop new 
business opportunities that favor inclusive 
economic development, supporting 
disadvantaged sectors and inclusive 
infrastructures, as well as mass banking 
penetration leveraged by digital channels 
and new relationship models.
P.  27
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
Climate change 
opportunities for 
BBVA
There are a range of 
opportunities relating to 
climate change that BBVA 
is highly aware of in order 
to position itself correctly 
in the face of the significant 
disruption that climate change 
represents.
TABLE 01. Climate change opportunities for BBVA
Sector Opportunity
Time Horizon
ST  MT LT 
<4 years 4-10 years >10 years
 Oil & Gas Possibility of reusing oil & gas transport assets for biofuels and hydrogen MT
Electrification of the oil & gas industry, and use of hydrogen MT
 
Chemicals Carbon capture and storage through chemical separation of carbon dioxide 
for later reuse
ST
 Electricity Strong boost to renewable energy, electricity storage ST
Energy efficiency services and hydrogen development MT
Development of nuclear fusion LT
 
Construction & 
infrastructures
Boostering the distribution of solar panels ST
Renovation of buildings (headquarters, housing, premises, etc.) as well as 
industrial plants in need of energy-efficiency improvements because of the 
increased regulatory impact and self-consumption
ST
Infrastructures to improve climate change adaptation: changes in cities, 
development of a smart grid, charging infrastructure for electric vehicles
ST
 
T ransportation Efficient low-emission and mobility services (electrical, Liquefied natural gas 
-LNG- and hydrogen)
ST
 Mining & metals Production of metals to manufacture electric vehicles (copper, lithium, 
cobalt and nickel among others)
ST
 Agriculture Efficient irrigation systems, use of waste as a source of biogas ST
Renewable energy use (solar) in agricultural plants MT
Development of new anti-drought products MT
 
Carbon markets Creation of carbon credit markets ST
 Other sectors Circular economy, recycling, waste and water treatment, tree planting, 
food industry, tourism industry conversion to carbon neutrality (fossil fuel 
change, etc) and natural capital
ST
P.  28
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
Climate change risks for BBVA
There are two type of risks that impact the business of BBVA or its customers: : 
T ransition risksn
These are the risks pertaining to the transition to a low-carbon economy, and which arise from changes in legislation, the market, consumers, etc., to mitigate and address the 
requirements derived from climate change.. 
TABLE 02. T ransition risks
Risk subtype Risks associated with climate change Risk description
Time Horizon
ST  MT LT 
<4 years 4-10 years >10 years
Legal and 
regulatory
Increase in the cost of CO2 emissions Financial risk to BBVA customers whose liquidity or earnings could be harmed from 
having to face higher costs or, alternatively, higher investments in emission neutralization, 
resulting from regulatory changes
ST
Increased cost of direct emissions from the Bank in its operations ST
Increase in monitoring and tracking 
requirements
Increased staffing and economic resources for the study and monitoring of the 
Group’s clients, and tracking of their compliance with environmental requirements
ST
Changes in the regulation of existing 
products and services
Uncertainty for financial agents regarding changes and their implementation ST
Impairment of client asset positions due to the generation of stranded assets (assets 
that prior to the end of their economic life are no longer able to earn an economic 
return)
MT
Sales drop due to adjustments to offerings, to align with new legal specifications for a 
product
MT
Increase in regulatory capital 
requirements due to risk associated 
with climate change
Possibly different prudential treatment of financial assets in terms of riskweighted 
assets based on their exposure to physical and transition risks
MT
Adverse regulatory changes that may cause certain exposures on BBVA’s climate 
change balance sheet to have higher capital consumption
MT
Risks of environmental lawsuits Possible lawsuits against BBVA for not complying with environmental regulations in its 
business or supply chain
ST
Risk of lawsuits against third parties Potential lawsuits for environmental crimes against BBVA clients. BBVA could be 
impacted by its clients’ loss of solvency resulting from an increase in litigation costs 
ST
P.  29
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
T echnological Replacement of existing products 
and services with lower-emission 
alternatives
BBVA clients with a position in sectors that are outperformed by alternative 
technologies could suffer solvency problems and their ability to cope with their credit 
commitments could be diminished
ST
Failed investment in new 
technologies
Clients that invest in failed technology may go through solvency difficulties and be 
unable to meet their credit commitments
ST
Cost of transitioning to low-emission 
technology
The necessary investments to be made by BBVA clients to change their production 
models and in R&D can have a negative impact on the balance sheet structure or 
profitability of said clients if they are not made properly and reduce the ability to meet 
their credit commitments
ST
Costs of investing in remodeling and adapting BBVA-owned buildings ST
Market Changes in (market) trends, financial 
agent and consumer preferences
Changes in demand caused by changes in consumer preferences can lead to falls in 
sales for BBVA clients and result in loss of profits and solvency
ST
Reduction in demand for certain products can cause price falls that affect the 
valuation of companies’ assets (crude oil reserves, fossil fuel cars, etc.)
ST
Increased demand for certain products or services may impact on the price of certain raw 
materials. While this may be reflected in prices, it may lead to lower profits or the loss of 
BBVA’s clients’ market share
ST
Risk of change in the Bank’s client preferences for not considering the Bank well 
positioned in the sustainable segment
ST
Uncertainty in market signals Difficulty or impediments to proper price formation or allocation of financing or 
investment sums
ST
Forecasts made by research agencies or services to dictate the strategy of entities 
may not be fulfilled due to abrupt changes in the market caused by changes in 
regulations or demand
ST
Increased cost of raw materials Sharp changes in the price of raw materials, resulting in changes in supply or energy 
cost, can lead to deteriorating liquidity and declining profits for clients. It can be 
mitigated with end-product price increases
ST
BBVA’s energy supply cost could also be affected ST
Financial risks Risk of a significant increase in the cost of financing clients with higher exposure to 
climate change risks, in a way that affects their solvency by making it more difficult for 
them to cope with their credit commitments
ST
Risk of worsening the credit rating of clients with exposure to climate change risks, with the 
associated adverse effects for BBVA
ST
Risk subtype Risks associated with climate change Risk description
Time Horizon
ST  MT LT 
<4 years 4-10 years >10 years
P.  30
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
Reputational Change in consumer preferences Direct risk of client loss for not meeting what various stakeholders expect from BBVA 
as regards the climate change challenge and fostering a more inclusive world
ST
Indirect risk of our clients losing business, which affects their solvency, because they 
engage in an activity that is not considered sustainable
ST
Demand from clients to limit our operations’ direct impacts ST
Stigmatization of a sector Risk of assets stranded by a sharp change in the perception of a sector, with significant 
loss of sales
ST
Investment exclusions in certain 
sectors due to market pressures
Withdrawal from profitable deals due to reputational risk or a sectoral ban ST
Policy implementation Risk derived from greater scrutiny of activities, policies, objectives and the way in 
which aspects related to climate change are disclosed. The Group’s reputation may 
be damaged if its efforts to reduce environmental and social risks are considered 
insufficient.
ST
Risk subtype Risks associated with climate change Risk description
Time Horizon
ST  MT LT 
<4 years 4-10 years >10 years
P.  31
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
Physical risks
Risks which arise from climate change and can originate from increased frequency and severity of extreme weather events or long-term weather changes, and which may 
imply physical damage to companies’ assets, disruptions in supply chains or increase in the expenses needed to face such risks.
TABLE 03. Physical risks
Risk subtype Riesgos asociados Risk description
Time Horizon
ST  MT LT 
<4 years 4-10 years >10 years
Acute risks Increased severity of extreme weather 
events, such as cyclones and flooding
Reduced revenue from decreased production capacity (e.g. transport 
difficulties and supply chain disruptions)
MT
Direct losses from asset damage (BBVA and clients) MT
Increased cost of insurance MT
Business continuity problems Damage to BBVA facilities from environmental catastrophes that hinder 
normal service provision
MT
Chronic risks Changes in precipitation patterns and 
extreme variability weather patterns
Loss of value of clients’ assets (guarantees) because they are located in 
areas with water supply problems (desertification)
MT
Increases in clients’ operating costs (investments in agriculture) MT
Lower renewables production (hydro and wind) MT
Rising average temperatures Population movements that can lead to depression in certain areas, 
accompanied by loss of business
LT
Sea level rise Threats to client assets that can lead to loss of profits and their solvency LT
P.  32
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
Main advances in 
the execution of the 
strategy
The global Sustainability business area 
has continued to actively promote the 
sustainability strategy in the 3 goals and 
indicators mentioned above:
1. Foster new business 
through sustainability
The role of the financial sector in general, 
and of BBVA in particular, is essential, 
accompanying customers in their transition 
towards a sustainable future, developing 
specific products for customers and 
financing this profitable investment.
Sustainability is a lever for growth for BBVA 
and it has a holistic approach, with a focus 
on climate action and inclusive growth, 
covering all segments. T o capture this 
opportunity, we are working on five lines 
of growth:
 Sector strategy for corporate clients: 
focused on low-carbon technologies 
and high-emission sectors to help them 
decarbonise. Sector plans are being 
drawn up to proactively address the 
reduction of the carbon footprint of the 
loans that BBVA grants to its clients 
(alignment of portfolios) and the teams 
specialized in sustainability are being 
strengthened.
 Promoting the company: developing 
products focused on six themes (auto, 
real estate, agriculture, supply chain, 
energy and inclusive growth), taking 
advantage of the Bank’s knowledge 
with corporate customers and creating 
dedicated teams in all geographies.
 Launch of bets to rapidly expand the 
retail business by using the Bank’s digital 
advantage: this line is making it possible 
to create an innovative and disruptive 
value proposition in specific sectors, 
for which teams have been created 
dedicated to developing new solutions 
in cars, energy efficiency and carbon 
markets.
 Financing of new sustainable 
technologies, which are currently 
unbankable with traditional financing 
structures (hydrogen, batteries, carbon 
capture, storage and use technologies, 
etc.), allowing BBVA to be a reference in 
the ecosystem.
 Building sustainability risk management 
capacity: Achieving superior risk 
management capacity is a key element 
in fostering growth. The focus is on 
embedding sustainability throughout the 
risk value chain, from the risk appetite 
framework to the loan approval process. 
The development of specific tools is 
a priority as a key element in decision 
making. Sectoral plans have also been 
developed for the 6 sectors in which 
alignment objectives have been set 
(oil & gas, power generation, autos, steel 
and cement) or phase-out goals, as is the 
case of the sector of coal.
Goal 2025
Between 2018 and 2022, BBVA channelled 
a total of €135.871bn into sustainable 
activities. This represents 45% of the 
channelling target: €300bn by 2025.
P.  33
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
Integration of sustainability in 
financial planning
BBVA incorporates sustainability in its 
day-to-day business, both in customer 
relations and internal processes, including 
its management control and reporting 
processes. 
BBVA in Spain is already integrating 
sustainability into its financial reporting to 
senior management and business areas. 
These reports on sustainable transactions 
include financial plans and budgets. Several 
internal resource allocation decisions are 
derived from them.
On a recurring basis, financial reports 
are used for decision-making based on 
the sustainability vector, including data 
on sustainable business channelling, 
profitability, sustainable activity penetration 
percentage, as well as balance sheets and 
income statements that allow to monitor 
sustainable transactions for each business 
segments.
Sustainability is expected to be gradually 
integrated into other business areas as well.
Single Development Agenda 
The “Single Development Agenda” (SDA) is 
the process by which scarce resources, both 
financial and human, are allocated to those 
projects that are best aligned with BBVA’s 
strategy and that will have the greatest 
impact. The exercise is implemented 
dynamically in quarterly cycles.
The scope of the SDA covers all manner of 
projects or initiatives of all the companies 
within the consolidated scope of the BBVA 
Group and its business areas in all countries. 
These are actions that require resources 
during a limited period of time to produce 
previously defined deliverables that seek to 
achieve an impact or objective.
Strategic analyses of the project portfolio, 
both globally and locally, are conducted 
on an ongoing basis during the quarter. 
These analyses are carried out to provide 
an overall view of the project inventory and 
its performance, as well as to provide an in-
depth analysis of specific issues as required.
In addition, as a result of the strategic plan 
approved by the Bank’s Board of Directors 
in 2019, the six strategic priorities were 
reformulated, including “Helping our clients 
transition towards a sustainable future” . 
The execution of this priority is cross-
cutting within the Group, and all areas are 
responsible for progressively incorporating 
it into their strategic agendas and work 
dynamics.
In order to coordinate the Bank’s efforts 
in the different countries and units, part 
of the resources needed to achieve 
the sustainability objectives have been 
channelled through the SDA. Over the past 
year, investments in sustainable projects 
have increased by 138%, this being the 
strategic priority that has grown the most. 
In 2022 the investments made in the risk 
area stand out, such as the PACTA (Paris 
Agreement Capital T ransition Assessment) 
and PCAF (Partnership for Carbon 
Accounting Financials) integration projects, 
key pieces for the alignment of the Bank’s 
portfolio towards decarbonization goals.
P.  34
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
T ransfer pricing system 
The Fund T ransfer Pricing system (FTP) is an 
essential part of BBVA’s liquidity and funding 
management. The FTP is a vitally important 
tool for pricing the products offered by 
the bank to reflect the cost of liquidity and 
funding for each transaction and serve as a 
major component for measuring profitability.  
In this sense, it is critical that the FTP 
system is aligned with the Group’s strategic 
priorities. Thus, it is a lever which aims to 
support customers towards a sustainable 
and inclusive future.
BBVA has a corporate FTP methodology that 
is reviewed within the scope of the Corporate 
Asset Liability Committee, which represents 
the basis for the rest of the Group’s 
geographical areas.
In the first quarter of 2021, the corporate 
methodology was revised in order to 
recognize the lower funding cost of green 
and social bond issues placed in the market 
compared to conventional bond issues, and 
to translate this improvement into eligible 
transactions for green and social bond 
collateral.
Investment in new technologies
Investing in “venture capital” funds is a key 
part of the Group’s strategy to learn about 
new technologies in order to generate 
business and financial returns. Thus, in 
2022, the Group increased its investments 
related to technologies that address 
the major challenge of decarbonization. 
During 2022, BBVA entered funds such as 
Hy24, which seeks to invest in industrial 
projects that bring green hydrogen-based 
solutions to commercial scale; Lowercarbon, 
which invests in companies that develop 
technologies to absorb carbon directly 
from the atmosphere; or Fifth Wall Climate, 
a leader in “proptech, ” with a fund that 
seeks to decarbonize the value chain of the 
construction and real estate sector.
2. Achieve Net Zero 2050
BBVA is one of the founding banks of the 
Net Zero Banking Alliance and, as such, has 
acquired the commitment to be neutral in 
carbon emissions (“Net Zero”) by 2050. T o 
this end, the Bank is applying the strategy of 
alignment of portfolio and management of 
indirect emissions.
2.1. Risk management and 
portfolio alignment
In recent years, significant progress has 
been made:
 Setting intermediate decarbonization 
targets for 2030 in emissions financed in 
six sectors: oil & gas, power generation, 
autos, steel, cement and coal (the 
target for oil & gas was set in 2022). 
Decarbonization targets were also set for 
the BBVA Asset Management portfolio 
in 2022. The goals for each sector can 
be found in  Alignment of metrics and goals  
section.
 Developing specific tools to measure 
clients’ transition to a low-carbon 
economy that are integrated into credit 
policies. For example, a T ransition Risk 
Indicator, which is a combination of two 
metrics (climate change awareness and 
client assessment of the transition path) 
that, together with credit policies, provide 
a comprehensive assessment of each 
client’s transition. 
 Implementing a governance model that 
ensures the execution and monitoring 
of objectives.
P.  35
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
 Developing industry-
specific plans for these 
6 sectors.
OIL & GAS
COAL
CEMENT
POWER 
GENERATION
STEEL
AUTOS
As a member of the Net 
Zero Banking Alliance and in 
accordance with the Guidelines 
for climate target setting for 
banks published by UNEP-FI, 
BBVA has made the following 
progress in the fulfillment of its 
commitments: 
NET ZERO BANKING ALLIANCE REQUIREMENTS 
(UNEP FI Guidelines for Climate Change T arget Setting) PROGRESS MADE BY BBVA
 Alignment targets Setting alignment targets in the most CO2 
intensive sectors
 BBVA has set the goal of becoming net zero by 2050. It has 
set intermediate targets for 2030 in 6 sectors: oil & gas, power 
generation, autos, steel, cement and coal. 
Ambition of the 
alignment targets
T argets in line with the Paris Agreement 
goals. Scenarios from trustworthy and 
recognized sources
BBVA has set targets based on the IEA's Net Zero 2050 scenario
Scope of the business 
operations included
Lending and investment operations BBVA has set targets for its lending operations
Scope of the CO2 
emissions
Prioritizing the most CO2 intensive sectors. 
Cover significant scope 3 emissions 
BBVA has set targets for the portion of the value chain in each 
sector where most of the emissions are generated. 
Baseline year Less than two years in relation to the date 
when the target is set
BBVA set 2020 as the baseline year for 5 sectors, and 2021 for 1 
sector (in both cases less than two years in relation to the date 
when the target was set)
Intermediate targets 2030 or earlier BBVA has set intermediate targets for 2030 in 6 sectors (phasing 
out of coal by 2030 in developed countries and 2040 globally)
Unit of measure for the 
targets 
Absolute CO2 emissions 
Sector specific emissions intensity
BBVA has set targets based on:
 Absolute CO2 emissions for the oil&gas sector.
 Emission intensity by production unit in the power generation, 
autos, steel and cement sectors. 
 T otal Commitment in millions of euros for the coal sector (phase out)3 
Establishing a baseline 
for emissions and 
performing annual 
measurements and 
reporting  
Calculating and reporting every year on the 
profile of financed emissions from the bank’s 
portfolio, including absolute emissions and 
emission intensity 
BBVA has published data on its progress in 2021 and 
2022 as compared with the baseline year. Please see the
Metrics and T argets-Alignment Metrics section of this report. 
Likewise, BBVA has published the CO2 emissions data for each sector 
in absolute value in the same section.
High-level transition plan 
to meet the targets 
Publishing a top-level transition plan 12 months 
after setting the target; the plan must include 
a summary of the actions devised to meet the 
targets and an approximate timeline
BBVA includes an action plan/transition plan for 
the 6 sectors with alignment targets. Please see the
Metrics and T argets-Alignment Metrics section of this report. 
Independent verification 
or assurance
Independent review or accreditation based 
on its first results report
The information in the table included in the Metrics and T argets-
Alignment Metrics table of this report. (excluding the breakdown for 
the coal sector) was extracted from the consolidated non-financial 
information report, which is part of BBVA Group’s consolidated 
management report for 2022. The information included in the 
consolidated non-financial information report was verified by Ernst 
& Y oung, S.L. as independent provider of verification services, 
within the scope specified in its report.
3. Phase-out 2030 in developed countries and 2040 globally.
P.  36
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
Sectoral plans
The Group is working on sectoral strategic 
plans for all sectors for which a portfolio 
alignment target or phase-out commitment 
has been set. The content of these plans 
includes an analysis of the sector’s risks 
and opportunities, the long-term vision of 
the sector’s role in the decarbonization of 
the economy and the strategic responses 
of stakeholders across the sector, as 
well as the current state of the portfolio 
and positioning with respect to the 
Group’s target. See more information in 
 Identification, measurement and integration  
 of climate change into risk management  
section of this report.
Risk planning
BBVA has also incorporated a transition risk 
metric in its Risk Appetite Framework. See 
section Integrating climate change into risk planning .
2.2. Direct impact management:
 Since 2020, BBVA has been neutral in 
direct emissions (Scope 1, 2 and part of 
Scope 3: waste, emissions from business 
travel and travel of headquarters 
employees which represent a 35.8% of 
the total employees object of the report)4.
 BBVA continues with its strategy to 
reduce its own emissions. It has therefore 
set a target to achieve 100% renewable 
energy use in its operations by 2030, to 
reduce Scope 1 and 2 CO2  emissions by 
68% compared to 2015 by 2025, and 
to extend the scope of CO2 emissions 
measurement to more Scope 3 activities.
BBVA’s progress in terms of its direct 
impact can be found in Management of direct  
 environmental impacts  section of this report.
4. Within the scope 3 emissions reported, the following categories 
defined in the GHG Protocol are not included: Category 1 purchase 
of goods and services; Category 2 capital goods; Category 3 fuel and 
energy related activities (not included in scopes 1 or 2); Category 4 
upstream transportation and distribution; Category 7 transportation 
of network workers (which account for 64.2% of the total reported); 
Category 8 upstream leased assets; Category 9 transportation and 
distribution; Category 10 processing of the products sold; Category 
11 use of the products sold; Category 12 end-of-life treatment of 
products sold; Category 13 downstream leased assets; Category 14 
franchises; Category 15 investments. In relation to the information 
on Category 15 Investments, see section MANAGEMENT OF RISKS  
 ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE . The scopes excluded to date 
could be material.
Use of carbon credits
The goal to net zero emissions continues 
to be to achieve the greatest possible 
reduction in carbon footprint, first and 
foremost. T o achieve this target in 2050, 
the offset should be limited to cases where 
there are no technologically or financially 
feasible emission elimination alternatives.
However, carbon credits can play 
a complementary role in BBVA’s 
decarbonization pathway beyond carbon 
footprint reduction efforts. BBVA is 
offsetting its Scope 1 and 2 emissions, and 
part of Scope 3: waste, emissions from 
business travel and travel of headquarters 
employees. 
BBVA takes part in the NZBA Offset 
working group to contribute to the 
specification of the appropriate use 
of offsets for setting and achieving 
decarbonization targets of financial 
institutions, including the appropriate use 
of offsets from their customers’ emissions.
P.  37
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
3. Make a positive impact
Through the BBVA Community Commitment 
2025, in the 2021-2025 period, BBVA and 
via foundations will allocate €550m to 
social initiatives to support inclusive growth 
in the countries where it is present. The 
programs will reach 100 million people 
during this period. In particular, between 
2021 and 2025 it is expected to support 5 
million entrepreneurs, train 2 million people 
in financial education and provide quality 
education to 3 million people. This is the 
most ambitious social plan that BBVA has 
launched to date.
Between 2021 and 2022, BBVA contributed 
with €237m to social initiatives to support 
inclusive growth in those countries 
where it is present, reaching 62 million 
people. In particular, until 2022, BBVA has 
supported 3.2 million entrepreneurs, it 
has trained 1.5 million people in financial 
education, and 1.2 million people have 
participated in educational programs. 
BBVA provides with both climate change 
and sustainable finance contents in its 
financial education initiatives and develops 
tools to help its customers to learn about 
both energy efficiency and sustainable 
financing matters. 
Additionally, the Bank has a commitment to 
generate a positive impact in the exercise of 
its own activity. T o this end, action plans are 
being drawn up:
WITH EMPLOYEES:
BBVA is committed to employees, being an 
organization based on values that enriches 
talent, with a diverse and inclusive team. 
Currently, the focus is:
EQUALITY: BBVA has taken another step 
towards gender equality and established 
in 2022 a target for the presence of 
women in management positions of 
35% by 2024. At the end of 2022, this 
percentage stood at 33.5%.
E mployee awareness and 
engagement actions on sustainability. 
SUSTAINABILITY PRODUCTS FOR 
EMPLOYEES.
TRAINING ON SUSTAINABILITY. See 
more details in  Appendix 5  of this report.
WITH CUSTOMERS:
BBVA promotes an integral relationship 
with customers based on transparency and 
responsibility. With regard to transparency, 
BBVA is committed to continue improving 
sustainability-related reporting, as 
demonstrated by this report and the 
consolidated Non-Financial Information 
Report published to date.
WITH SOCIETY:
BBVA makes information and content 
on sustainability available to the general 
public on its website (www.bbva.com) 
and on social media. Since June 2022, 
Aprendemos Juntos 2 030 project has been 
promoting content related to a greener and 
more inclusive future and incorporating the 
Desafíos program for young people. In 2022, 
Aprendemos Juntos Kids program was 
launched for young people and their families. 
P.  38
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
Just transition
BBVA takes into account that the transition 
to a low-carbon economy must be just and 
fair and leaves no one behind, contributing 
from 3 perspectives: business, risks and 
stakeholder engagement. 
1. Inclusive growth, a core element of 
the sustainability strategy
Within the framework of the General 
Sustainability Policy, BBVA focuses its 
strategy in this area around two vectors: 
   The fight against climate change and the 
protection of natural capital
 Inclusive growth
In this second subject it is very relevant to 
contribute to a just transition, leaving no one 
behind and bringing the age of opportunity 
to everyone.
At the implementation level, the just 
transition perspective has been integrated 
into different lines of work throughout the 
organization that are developed in the 
business areas through our Community 
Investment initiatives and our relationship 
with employees and suppliers.
With regard to the €135.871bn mobilized 
in sustainable business between 2018 and 
2022, 22% are intended to contribute to the 
inclusive growth of the customers and the 
societies where the Group operates. In this 
line of inclusive growth, resources have been 
mobilized for investments necessary for a 
just transition (e.g., social infrastructure), 
financing has been allocated to strengthen 
and transform the business sector to 
promote inclusive and sustainable economic 
growth, and credit products (cards, loans 
and mortgages) have been designed and 
marketed to individuals who meet the 
low-income and/or vulnerability thresholds 
established for each country.
In addition, a pilot project was launched in 
Mexico and Colombia in 2022 to promote 
the financial inclusion of unbanked groups 
and to improve the financial health and 
resilience of underbanked or underserved 
customers.
BBVA also supports inclusive 
entrepreneurship, with special relevance 
in T urkey, where there is a line of financing 
for women entrepreneurs (in small and 
medium-sized companies) with loans under 
preferential conditions.
Also noteworthy in this area is BBVA’s 
promotion of microfinance through the 
BBVA Microfinance Foundation, whose main 
purpose is to provide financial services, to 
train and to support the people in vulnerable 
situations so that they can progress through 
the surpluses generated by their productive 
activities. Further, the BBVA Microfinance 
Foundation has products and services for 
the adaptation of small farmers to climate 
change, such as Eco Vivienda, Ecocrédito 
or the agreement with the NGO water.
org to facilitate access to clean water and 
sanitation systems. 
P.  39
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
2.  Gradual integration in risk 
management
BBVA has been conducting human rights 
due diligence processes in line with the UN 
Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights, incorporating the vision of a just 
transition in critical sectors in the green 
transition (specifically mining, agribusiness, 
energy and infrastructure). Specifically, 
BBVA’s Environmental and Social Framework 
(hereinafter, the Framework) establishes due 
diligence for new customers and operations 
covered by the Framework, in order to 
mitigate the environmental and social risks 
associated with these sectors.
 
 
Likewise, as a signatory of the Equator 
Principles, BBVA has due diligence 
procedures relating to the financing of new 
projects whose implementation affects 
indigenous communities. When this 
circumstance occurs, the free, prior and 
informed consent is required from these 
communities, irrespective of the geographic 
location of the project, including for projects 
in countries where a robust legislative 
system is presupposed, which ensures the 
protection of the environment and the social 
rights of its inhabitants. When identifying 
potential risks, the operation must include 
an effective form of management of these 
risks, as well as operational mechanisms to 
support claims management.
3. Engagement with initiatives to 
promote a just transition
Finally, BBVA participates in international 
industry-specific initiatives in support of a 
just transition, such as the UNEP-FI “Social 
and Human Rights Thematic Advisory Group 
(TAG)” . Further, BBVA is part of the CSR 
Europe’s multi-sectoral working group (The 
European Business Network for Corporate 
Sustainability and Responsibility) for an 
Inclusive Green Deal.
Likewise, BBVA also understands the 
just transition in the framework of the 
relationship between developed and 
developing countries. A just transition 
cannot be undertaken without the 
incorporation of those economies that are 
already suffering the most from the impact 
of climate change and have the greatest 
financial and institutional challenges to 
address the transition. BBVA is therefore 
vocal in promoting greater financial support 
to developing countries and participates in 
initiatives such as CFLI (Climate Finance 
Leadership Initiative) in Colombia or the 
European Commission’s HLEG (High-Level 
Expert Group in sustainable finance) to 
promote sustainable finance in low and 
middle-income countries.
P.  40
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
Engagement in 
international initiatives
For over 20 years, BBVA has 
participated actively in various 
supranational initiatives in close 
collaboration with all the stakeholders 
(such as the industry itself, regulators 
and supervisors, investors and civil 
society organizations). For yet another 
year, BBVA reiterates its support for 
the United Nations Global Compact.
1998
UNEP Finance 
Initiative 
DJSI 
member 
UN Global 
Compact Ecuator 
Principles
TCFD
Katowice
Commitment
European Banking 
Federation Chair 
Sustainable 
Finance Group
Principles for 
Responsible 
Banking
Collective 
commitment 
climate 
action
Principles for 
Responsible 
Banking 
(BBVA Insurance)
PCAF
(Partnership 
for Carbon 
Accounting 
Financials)
Net Zero 
Asset 
Managers 
Initiative
(BBVA Asset 
Management)
T askforce on 
Nature-related 
Financial 
Disclosures
Net Zero 
Banking 
Alliance
Commitment 
Financial 
health & 
Inclusion
Principles for 
Responsible 
Banking 
(BBVA Asset 
Management)
UNEP FI 
Leadership 
Council
European Banks 
representative 
and Co-Chair 
Global Steering 
Committee 
UNEP FI SBTi
Principles for Responsible 
Banking (Pension plan 
manager and Penson Plan for 
employees in Spain)
2001 2002 2004 2008
2017
2022
2020
2021
2019 2018
2021
P.  41
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
Speciﬁcally, over the course of 2022, the Bank engaged in the following initiatives:
Since January
BBVA has been a member of the 
Massachusetts Institute of T echnology's 
(MIT Climate and Sustainability 
Consortium or MCSC) to accelerate the 
implementation of large-scale solutions to 
ﬁght climate change. 
2022
Since April
BBVA has co-chaired the Climate Finance Leadership 
Initiative in Colombia (CFLI). This is an initiative of the 
Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero to speed up the 
global transition to net zero greenhouse gas emissions. In May
BBVA joined the Edison Alliance, with the 
commitment of the BBVA Microﬁnance Foundation 
to support the digital inclusion of vulnerable 
populations in Latin America. 
Since September
BBVA has been a member of the European High 
Level Expert Group (HLEG) that provides 
recommendations to the European Commission 
to boost sustainable ﬁnance in emerging 
countries. BBVA is the only private-sector bank in 
this group. In mid-2023, the group will present its 
recommendations on transformative, innovative 
actions to mobilize private-sector ﬁnance. 
In July
BBVA became a founding member of Carbonplace, 
the global platform through which customers around 
the world will be oﬀered access to voluntary carbon 
credits to oﬀset their emissions.
In November
As part of the Alliance of CEO Climate Leaders promoted 
by the World Economic Forum (WEF), the Chair of BBVA, 
together with other CEOs and leaders of major global 
companies, signed a statement in November calling on 
world leaders and participants in the United Nations 
Climate Change Conference at Sharm El Sheikh (COP 
27) to commit to a just transition.
A global benchmark
In 2022, and for the third consecutive year, BBVA 
obtained the highest score (86 points) among 
banks in Europe and the second at global level 
in the latest Dow Jones Sustainability Index 
(DJSI). Its Corporate Sustainability Assessment 
(CSA) measures the performance of the largest 
companies by market capitalization in economic, 
environmental and social matters. The Group 
achieved the highest score (100 points) in the 
sections on financial inclusion, environmental 
and social information, materiality, tax strategy, 
crime prevention, public influence or lobbying, 
and human rights.
Likewise, BBVA was included for the fifth 
consecutive year in the Bloomberg Gender-
Equality Index 2022, which is recognition of 
the commitment to create trustworthy work 
environments, in which professional development 
is guaranteed and equal opportunities for all 
employees regardless of their gender. The entity’s 
firm commitment to diversity and inclusion 
allowed it to improve its rating by five percentage 
points compared to the previous edition. Garanti 
BBVA, the Group’s subsidiary in T urkey, is also 
part of the index.
BBVA is a member of the main sustainability 
indices (for more details, see the section 
“Sustainability indices and ratings” in the 
chapter “Report on climate change and 
other environmental and social issues” of the 
consolidated Non-financial Information Report of 
BBVA Group.
P.  42
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
Resilience of the 
strategy against 
climate change risks
The concept of climate resilience requires 
that organizations develop the adaptive 
capacity to respond to climate change, 
leveraging opportunities and managing the 
associated transitional and physical risks.
TCFD recommends that organizations 
describe the ability of their strategy to 
leverage opportunities related to climate 
change, consistent with a scenario of orderly 
transition to a low-carbon economy, but 
also their resilience to possible scenarios of 
increased climate risks.
As mentioned in the section 
Definition of risks and opportunities associated with  
 climate change  BBVA’s strategy may be 
affected by climate-related risks and 
opportunities.
Therefore, BBVA is working on measuring 
the impact of different climate scenarios, 
both transition and physical risks, on its 
strategy and business.
The first results, obtained in the framework 
of the Climate Stress T esting regulatory 
exercise promoted in 2022 by the ECB, show 
immaterial impacts on both transition risk 
and physical risk. However, it is important 
to consider that methodological limitations, 
especially in terms of data and scenario 
design, could be underestimating the losses 
estimated by the financial system. In this 
sense, BBVA is working to reinforce and 
strengthen bottom-up methodologies and 
analytical capabilities in order to obtain 
projections of customer financial statements 
and estimate impacts on collateral values 
based on different climate scenarios and 
over different time horizons.
Additionally, the inclusion of impacts from 
a physical risk event in the capital self-
assessment exercise (ICAAP) is being 
developed. Preliminary analyses of these 
events also show immaterial impacts.
Finally, the resilience of the strategy in 
the face of different climate scenarios is 
reinforced by the fact that BBVA has set 
sustainability as one of its six strategic 
priorities, with a special focus on the fight 
against climate change, integrating its 
commitment to align its financing portfolio 
with scenarios compatible with the Paris 
Agreement: BBVA subsequently set 
intermediate 2030 goals for CO2 the oil & gas, 
power generation, autos, steel, cement 
sectors and the coal phase-out5 goal.
On the business side, the analysis is ongoing 
and the available results point to a resilient 
situation, given the relatively low exposure 
to clients and sectors with higher climate-
related risks. In fact, BBVA’s wholesale 
exposures related to emission-intensive and 
transition risk-sensitive activities represent 
approximately 12.95% of total wholesale 
exposure, and 6.69% of the Group’s total 
exposure. Additional information on risk 
assessment and scenario analysis is 
included in the   Integrating climate change into  
 risk planning  section of this report. 
5. Phase-out of coal in 2030 in developed countries and 2040 in the 
rest of the geographical areas where BBVA is present in the terms of its 
Environmental and Social Framework.
P.  43
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
Engagement strategy 
with customers, the 
industry and the 
public sector 
1. Customer engagement
BBVA provides financial services to 
corporate and institutional customers 
through its Corporate & Investment Banking 
(CIB) and Corporate and Business Banking 
(CBB) units, and to its retail and individual 
customers through its Retail Banking unit. 
These clients include both large global 
corporate and institutional clients, as well as 
smaller clients with a more local presence 
or less sophisticated financial needs. BBVA 
continuously engages with its customers as 
indicated below. 
1.1. Due diligence process and 
knowledge of the customer
For wholesale clients, industry-specific 
sustainability questionnaires have 
been created with the aim of increasing 
managers’ and risk specialists’ knowledge 
of the environmental performance of large 
corporate and institutional clients. This is 
linked to the timing of the preparation or 
renewal of the client’s financial program 
in order to make the best data-driven 
decisions.
Based on the information included in the 
KYC and provided by an external ESG expert 
advisor, BBVA ensures that new wholesale 
customers covered by the Environmental 
and Social Framework do not incur any 
of the general exclusions or specific 
prohibitions for the mining, agribusiness, 
energy, infrastructure and defense sectors. 
If a potential customer is involved in any 
controversy or breach, a specific analysis 
of the situation will be carried out. A 
plan of dialogue and accompaniment of 
the customer with measures aimed at 
understanding and trying to correct the 
situation may then be undertaken. 
BBVA will not support the provision of 
financial services to wholesale customers 
included in the scope of the Framework 
when there is sufficient evidence that they 
or their transactions are involved in the 
prohibited activities foreseen in the defense 
sector. In the rest of the industries (mining, 
energy, agribusiness and infrastructure), 
a specific analysis of the situation will be 
carried out. This may involve non-initiation 
of the relationship, or adoption of a plan of 
dialogue and accompaniment with the client 
with measures aimed at understanding and 
trying to correct the situation.
Although the Environmental and Social 
Framework is applicable to new clients and 
new projects from its publication date, a 
review process has been carried out, based 
on best efforts, of the stock of clients for the 
progressive implementation of the measures 
provided therein. Since 2021 more than 300 
business groups were analyzed under this 
framework. BBVA initiated a dialogue and 
accompaniment plan with 17 groups.
BBVA identifies, accredits and documents 
the activity carried out by retail customers 
through KYC (Know Y our Client) under a 
risk-based approach. The process allows 
for a better understanding of customers, 
their operations, customer segmentation, 
products, channels, jurisdictions and 
transaction monitoring.
P.  44
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
1.2. Analysis of customers’ 
environmental and social risks and 
opportunities
BBVA has developed a “Guide for the 
integration of ESG factors in wholesale 
credit analysis” which identifies the key 
environmental and social aspects by 
industry and presents metrics to monitor the 
performance of our corporate clients.
In addition, BBVA has specified an internal 
taxonomy of transition risk. The purpose 
is to classify sectors according to their 
sensitivity to this type of risk. In the 
development of its sectoral frameworks 
used in credit approval, BBVA identifies 
the metrics that make it possible to assess 
the vulnerability of each client to transition 
risks and to integrate this aspect into risk 
and support decisions. Further information 
on this point is available in the chapter 
 Integrating climate change into risk planning  in this 
report.
Progress is also being made in developing 
internal capabilities to classify clients based 
on their climate reporting, low-carbon 
business profile and decarbonization plans.
In the area of Corporate and Business 
Banking (CBB), BBVA was pioneering in the 
use of data analytics to calculate companies’ 
carbon footprint and use it to offer value-
creating solutions to our customers. The 
carbon footprint calculator for companies 
provides information on the ESG profile of 
clients (footprint calculation, change over 
time, comparison with the sector average 
and similar companies, etc.), which allows us 
to categorize our clients and to implement 
targeted, personalized and tailored advisory 
and commercial actions adapted to each 
client’s profile. 
Recently functionalities have been added 
which allow the definition of energy saving 
targets, alerts which provide a warning when 
the target is not being met, and a comparison 
of consumption with other companies in 
the same sector of activity (NACE), similar 
level of revenue and number of employees 
on the workforce, indicating the percentile of 
monthly expenses compared with peers.
In addition, BBVA uses natural language 
processing techniques for ESG categorization 
of business customers on a large scale 
from public information such as corporate 
customer websites, official records, news, 
etc. This leadership in digital transformation 
enriches the business information provided 
and helps customers improve their 
environmental performance. 
BBVA was the first bank in Spain to offer 
the calculation of the carbon footprint to 
its individual customers thanks to its digital 
and data analytics capabilities. This service 
raises the awareness of the Bank’s individual 
customers on the impact its actions have on 
the environment, and help them transition to 
a more sustainable world. 
By adding the characteristics of the home 
(surface area, energy certification, etc.), 
BBVA can assess improvements in energy 
efficiency and offer information on simple 
and sustainable changes in habits that help 
reduce the amounts in the household bills of 
its individual customers.
Besides, the cost of an electric vehicle can 
be compared to a gasoline vehicle so that the 
individual customer can see the economic 
advantages of opting for a more sustainable 
transport solution. Customers will also be 
able to view and/or subscribe to any of the 
sustainable products offered by BBVA. The 
Bank provides its customers with the Valora 
tool, which allows them to have an estimated 
automatic appraisal of their real estate and 
transportation assets.
.
P.  45
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
1.3. ESG engagement actions with 
customers
In the daily dialogue with wholesale 
customers, both at a strategic and 
commercial level, sustainability is part of the 
conversation and value proposition and is 
integrated into the intake, pricing and risk 
management processes. BBVA interacts and 
shares ESG knowledge and best practice 
with its wholesale customers through a 
variety of mechanisms: 
T o complete the sustainable offer, the 
ESG Advisory service was created in 
2020 to assist global customers in their 
transition toward a sustainable future in 
all sectors of activity. This involves data-
driven assessments and guidance to assist 
customers in undertaking commitments to 
align with the Paris Agreement and make 
progress in terms of the United Nations 
2030 Sustainable Agenda. Dialogue with 
customers on ESG aspects is based on:
 General description of how sustainability 
is evolving in the political and financial 
context, explaining the principal 
regulatory issues, reporting needs, 
developments in the financial markets, 
ESG classifications, etc.
 Industrial specialization in industries 
which are facing the biggest challenges 
for a transition to a low-carbon economy: 
oil & gas, power generation, autos 
manufacturers and auto parts, as well as 
other industries such as infrastructures, 
processed food, beverages, cement, 
fintechs and pharmaceuticals. Customers 
are informed on the main challenges and 
opportunities for the industry and the 
dialogue is focused on a roadmap for each 
industry to align with the Paris Agreement 
commitment. BBVA provides its clients with 
information on regulation, technological 
improvements and best practices in each 
industry as well as a comparative analysis 
on how similar companies are evolving in 
terms of ESG, different options to improve 
their sustainable profile and how to set 
specific short and medium term objectives.
 BBVA offers customers a list of 
sustainable products and finance (bonds, 
loans, global transactional banking, 
global markets, equities, mergers and 
acquisitions).
BBVA directly supports its global and 
non-global clients in the incorporation of 
ESG practices in their business strategies 
and operations through one-on-one visits, 
events, project consulting, etc., with a focus 
on energy efficiency projects, sustainable 
construction, sustainable mobility, and 
the promotion of sustainable practices 
(efficiency in the use and management 
of water, circular economy, waste 
management, environmental impact and 
protection of biodiversity, among others) in 
all types of sectors and economic activities.
Corporate and Business Banking (CBB) 
customers also have general information 
and a catalogue of sustainable products 
on the transactional banking website. The 
Group makes available to its customers 
product information and sustainability 
advice and explains their impact on 
the environment (savings in electricity 
consumption with an energy efficiency loan, 
fuel savings when arranging a loan to renew 
the vehicle fleet, etc.).
The model for smaller companies and 
individuals is complemented by external 
capabilities. In this regard, strategic alliances 
with third parties are being formed, which 
are key to contribute to support the 
sustainable transition of these companies 
and individuals. Among them are:
 The development of sustainable business 
of companies in Spain, focused on 
promoting sustainable mobility, energy 
efficiency and renewables, has led to 
agreements with Faconauto for the 
distribution of electric cars and with 
Anese to promote energy saving projects. 
On the other hand, an agreement has 
been reached with Minsait for the 
management of subsidies.
P.  46
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
 The promotion of solar self-consumption 
in the main countries where BBVA is 
present has made it possible to build 
alliances and agreements with solar panel 
installation companies in Mexico, T urkey 
and Spain. These capacities are being 
developed in Argentina and Colombia.
 Agreements with multilateral 
organizations and development banks 
to promote sustainable business, 
such as the agreement with the 
International Finance Corporation to 
mobilize sustainable business in Mexico, 
Peru and Colombia; and the Garanti 
BBVA’s agreement in T urkey with the 
European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development (EBRD).
BBVA supports its individual customers to 
incorporate ESG practices through one-on-
one meetings and visits, mass participation 
events or advice on projects with technology 
and consulting firms. BBVA informs its 
customers through digital channels and 
its commercial branch network. It is an 
integrated model of service that ranges from 
raising awareness to project design and 
management of public subsidies.
Bank managers, mobile banking and the 
commercial website offer retail customers 
a wide range of sustainable investment and 
financing products, adapted to each of the 
geographical areas in which they operate 
and focused mainly on sustainable mobility, 
energy-efficient home improvements and 
energy-efficient mortgages. BBVA in Spain 
already offers a sustainable alternative for 
most of the existing traditional products for 
SMEs and individuals, and work is underway 
in the rest of the world to ensure that this is 
the case. 
BBVA makes information on sustainability 
available to retail customers using a range 
of digital media. On the corporate website, 
customers can find news and articles. On 
the website and the mobile banking app, 
they can find information on the sustainable 
products offered by the Bank and subscribe 
to them. In addition, the website provides 
numerous tips on how to reduce carbon 
emissions and also achieve economic 
savings by reducing energy consumption, 
while offering savings simulators by using 
different sustainable goods, an electric car, 
efficient appliances, condensing boilers 
or small changes in daily habits such as 
changing the room temperature or installing 
LED lights.
In September 2022, the second BBVA 
Sustainabilty Forum took place, bringing 
together representatives of the Spanish 
government, presidents and CEOs of 
leading global companies, and customers to 
discuss the fight against climate change and 
financing for sustainable growth.
Besides the EduFin Summit 2022, the 
annual financial education summit organized 
by BBVA’s Center for Financial Education 
and Skills, was held in Madrid and Mexico 
City. Participants shared their knowledge 
on how digitalization revolutionizes financial 
education and boosts the inclusion of the 
most vulnerable.
P.  47
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
Customer engagement metrics 
Since 2020, CIB bankers have visited close 
to 500 large global clients and more than 
300 pitches have been made with the 
goal of having a dialogue and discussion 
focused on sustainability (representing 
approximately around 15% of the corporate 
and institutional client base). In total, CIB 
bankers made visits to customers in 42 
different countries and of these, nearly 
20% have been visited in more than one 
geographical area in which BBVA is present. 
In 2022, 30 global clients were contacted 
through the ESG Advisory service.
Furthermore, in 2022, close to 350 
commercial and ESG advisory visits 
were made to Corporate and Business 
Banking (CBB) customers who have been 
presented with a value proposition with ESG 
features adapted to their needs and profile 
(sector, activity, maturity, relationship with 
BBVA, risk profile, proposed use of funds, 
product and price). BBVA has a network 
of sustainable finance experts (spread 
throughout Spain and under development in 
other countries) to support the customers in 
their transition to a greener future. 
The development of sustainable business 
in CBB is focused on promoting sustainable 
mobility, energy efficiency and renewable 
energy and has led to agreements with third 
parties for the distribution of electric cars, 
to enhance energy saving projects and the 
installation of solar panels. Agreements 
with energy companies and automotive 
dealerships stand out.
Likewise, events with sustainability-related 
content have been organized: trends, 
sustainable finance, risks, opportunities, 
energy efficiency, renewable energy, clean 
transportation and agriculture.
Finally, BBVA, in partnership with a company 
specializing in managing European funds 
from the Next Generation EU program 
approved by the European Commission, 
offers information to clients promoting 
Spanish business projects related to the 
environmental transition and sustainable 
mobility, among other topics. More than 
65,000 visits were generated on the aid 
portal created for this purpose, resulting in 
more than 2,500 informational opportunities 
in this area.
In 2022, BBVA created more than 700 
articles which added to the 878 in 2021, 
have impacted more than 7 .6 million unique 
users. In addition, more than 50 podcasts 
were produced which, together with the 
2021 podcasts, were downloaded more than 
560,000 times. The newsletter has more than 
7 ,700 subscribers. More than 70 Y ouT ube 
videos were also posted in 2022, which, 
together with the existing ones, add up to 
more than 880 thousand views since 2020.
Content shared on social media attracted 
more than 30 million page views and more 
than 55,000 clicks this year. Through 
social media, BBVA reaches out to people 
and generates knowledge of ESG issues 
to generate a positive impact and raise 
awareness about the importance of taking 
action. Special attention should be given to 
our entry into the world of TikT ok where with 
more than 75 videos posted, it has had more 
than 39 million views.
BBVA held two webinars in 2022: one on 
the City of the Future, which has more 
than 3,200 views, and another on Climate 
Migrations, which has more than 3,400 
views. These webinars are supported by 
our specials on sustainable topics. In total, 
8 special features, with topics as varied 
as the circular revolution, sustainable 
gastronomy or sustainable tourism among 
others. They already have more than 6.5 
thousand downloads.
P.  48
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
2. Engagement with the 
industry and the public sector
For over 20 years, BBVA has participated 
actively in various supranational initiatives. 
BBVA seeks to play an active role in 
redefining the architecture of the financial 
system to place sustainability as a very 
important element in financial decisions. As 
well as repeating its support to the UN Global 
Compact once again this year, BBVA actively 
participates in numerous initiatives, always 
in close collaboration with all stakeholders, 
such as the industry itself, regulators and 
supervisors, investors and shareholders, and 
organizations from civil society.
In terms of sector initiatives, it should be 
noted that BBVA has been a member of 
UNEP-FI since 1998, and since 2019 co-chairs 
its Global Steering Committee on behalf 
of European banking, in addition to being a 
member of the UNEP-FI Leadership Council. 
It was also one of the 28 founding banks 
of the Principles for Responsible Banking, 
thus defining the reference framework for 
sustainability in the banking sector.
In terms of portfolio alignment with the 
Paris Agreement, BBVA became one of the 
founding members of the Net Zero Banking 
Alliance, of which it is currently a member of 
the Steering Group. Additionally, BBVA Asset 
Management is a member of the Net Zero 
Asset Managers initiative. Both initiatives are 
part of the Glasgow Finance Alliance for Net 
Zero (GFANZ).
Likewise, BBVA, together with four other 
banks that have signed the Katowice 
commitment, and with the support of the 
think tank 2 Degree Investing Initiative (2DII), 
has collaborated in the implementation 
of the PACTA (Paris Agreement Capital 
T ransition Assessment) methodology for 
the decarbonization of the credit portfolios 
of financial institutions. BBVA is a member 
of the Partnership for Carbon Accounting 
Financials (PCAF), which aims to establish 
an international methodology for measuring 
and disclosing greenhouse gas emissions 
financed by banks and investors. 
The Bank is also a member of the Science 
Based T arget Initiative and participates in the 
World Economic Forum (WEF), CEO Climate 
Leaders Alliance, the world’s largest global 
community of CEOs committed to climate 
action.
It is worth mentioning that BBVA is Chair 
of the European Banking Federation’s 
Sustainable Finance Working Group, through 
which it has participated in the creation of 
several reports, including the one related to 
testing the application of the EU T axonomy 
to banking products. At the global level, 
BBVA also participates in the IIF’s working 
groups on sustainable finance. At the local 
level, the bank is active in the sustainability 
committees in each of the banking 
associations in the main geographical areas 
(Spain, Mexico, T urkey, Colombia, Peru and 
Argentina), undertaking initiatives to help 
less advanced banks in climate change 
management by sharing practices and 
methods.
BBVA is also a promoter in the implementation 
of the Equator Principles, the Green Bond 
Principles, the Social Bonds Principles, the 
Green Loan Principles and similar standards 
developed by the industry itself. 
In 2022, BBVA continued to take an active 
role in its dialogue with government 
authorities regarding financial legislative 
initiatives at the EU and global level, as well as 
in the different jurisdictions where it operates. 
Within the framework of its participation in 
the Sustainable Finance Working Groups 
of various forums, in particular the Spanish 
Banking Association (AEB), the European 
Banking Federation (FBE), the Association 
of Financial Markets in Europe (AFME), the 
European Financial Services Roundtable 
(EFR), the European Banking Group (EBG), 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(MAS) and the Institute of International 
Finance (IIF), BBVA also contributes to 
the development of sectoral positions on 
initiatives, both Spanish and European 
and at a global level. In this regard, BBVA 
participated in various consultations with 
industry associations.
P.  49
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
In this context, in 2022 we would highlight 
the role of monitoring, dialogue and 
accompaniment with the European regulator 
in relation to key proposals on sustainable 
finance, such as the proposed directive on 
corporate due diligence in environmental 
and human rights matters, the proposed 
Regulation for a Green Bond Standard (EU 
GBS), the implementation of sustainability 
disclosure standards (EFRAG, ISSB where 
BBVA participates in the IFRS Advisory 
Council and SEC), the review of European 
regulations on capital requirements 
(both micro and macroprudential), the 
developments of the European taxonomy, or 
the review of the European Union Emissions 
T rading Scheme (EU ETS). 
BBVA also promotes sustainability and 
maintains a dialogue with European 
institutions through its active participation 
in the European association CSR Europe. 
In 2022, BBVA took part in the CSR 
Europe Leaders’ Hub for an inclusive 
Green Deal, a platform supported by the 
European Commission, through which it 
has contributed to the development of 
a roadmap to help European companies 
integrate just transition into their strategies 
and operations.
In 2022 BBVA Mexico actively participated 
in the development of the Sustainable 
T axonomy of this country, through its 
participation in the different sectoral groups 
on construction, energy, agriculture, circular 
economy, gender and sustainable cities.
A second area of relations has been with 
banking supervisory bodies. In 2022, the 
first climate stress test by the European 
Central Bank and the first thematic review in 
relation to the expectations of the European 
supervisor took place. In addition to its own 
supervisory activities, BBVA has actively 
participated in various working sessions, 
sharing its experiences with the European 
Central Bank, the Bank of Spain, the Bank’s 
Association of T urkey and the Bank of 
Mexico, among others.
Thirdly, and beyond the financial regulatory 
sphere, BBVA has continued to promote 
initiatives to ask governments for more 
ambitious action on climate change and 
public policies. In this regard, it is worth 
noting the calls to the G20 led by the WEF 
in Davos and at COP27 , as well as the letter 
promoted by We Mean Business Coalition 
and the Grupo Español de Crecimiento Verde 
on REPowerEU. 
Finally, a fourth area of involvement with 
governments has to do with the promotion 
of sustainable finance in emerging countries. 
BBVA considers it a priority to close the 
large gap in sustainable financing in these 
countries, without which it will not be 
possible to achieve zero net emissions.
In April 2022, within the framework of 
GFANZ, BBVA promoted the creation of 
the Climate Finance Leadership Initiative 
(CFLI) in Colombia, which it currently chairs 
together with Bancolombia. The initiative 
aims to catalyze sustainable financing in 
the country by bringing together leading 
companies in the private sector and with the 
active involvement of local government and 
the support of multilateral entities.
In September 2022, BBVA was appointed 
a member of the European High-Level 
Expert Group tasked with providing 
recommendations to the European 
Commission to boost sustainable financing 
in emerging countries.
P.  50
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 02 / STRATEGY
Management of risks  
associated with climate change
SECTION 03
Integrating climate 
change into risk 
planning
The risks associated with climate change 
(transitional and physical) are considered 
as an additional factor affecting the risk 
categories already identified and defined in 
the BBVA Group and are therefore managed 
through the Group’s risk management 
frameworks (credit, market, liquidity, 
operational and other non-financial risks). 
As a result, the integration of climate-change 
related risks into the BBVA Group’s risk 
management framework is based on their 
incorporation into the governance and 
processes currently in place, taking into 
account regulatory and supervisory trends.
Correct planning requires reliable, complete 
and up-to-date data. Accordingly, in 2022 
work continued on the deployment of the 
sustainability data strategy, based on the 
Principles for effective risk data aggregation 
and risk BCBS 239, in which sustainability 
data needs have been identified, data gaps 
have been assessed and a conceptual 
model and implementation plan have been 
developed. All this is geared to guaranteeing 
a comprehensive vision of the Group’s 
climate change risks to ensure their correct 
control and management. In response to 
both regulatory and management needs, 
and so on, the data considered include data 
related to customer climate scorings, real 
estate energy efficiency certificates, ESG 
ratings, greenhouse gas emissions, asset 
and collateral location and sector-specific 
metrics, etc.
Risk
Assessm ent
FRAMEWORKS
Scenario 
Analysis
RISK MAPPING
RISK 
MANAGEMENT
Risk 
Appetite
Monitoring 
and managementPricingCustomer
 Acceptance
Climate change risk management in BBVA 
Group is based on the risk planning process 
which is marked by the defined risk appetite 
and makes use of management frameworks 
which establish how these risks are to be 
addressed in day-to-day business activities.
P.  52
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03  / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
Risk planning
Risk appetite Framework (RAF)
BBVA’s Risk Appetite Framework, approved 
by the corporate governance bodies and 
applicable to all the Group’s material 
geographic areas, determines the risk 
levels that BBVA is willing to assume to 
achieve its targets, considering the organic 
evolution of the business. It is organized 
under a pyramidal structure that starts 
from the thresholds of the core metrics 
and the metrics by type of risk and declines 
in a framework of management limits. 
The Framework has a general statement 
that sets out the general principles of the 
risk strategy and the target risk profile. 
The statement includes a commitment 
to sustainable development as one 
of the elements defined by the BBVA 
business model, focusing on supporting 
the customer in the transition toward a 
sustainable future, and incorporating the 
climate factor in risk management. This 
statement is complemented and detailed 
by a quantification of the appetite through 
metrics and thresholds that provide a 
clear and concise guide to the maximum 
acceptable risk profile. 
A quantitative transition risk metric has been 
incorporated into the framework since 2021. 
This High T ransition Risk metric measures 
Exposure at Default (EAD) in relation to 
capital of the activities most exposed 
to transition risk in accordance with the 
T axonomy defined internally (High T ransition 
Risk), focusing on activities classified as 
High or Very High risk. With respect to this 
metric, the Board of Directors of BBVA 
has approved thresholds at a Group and 
geographic area level, which determine the 
maximum appetite for this risk. 
Furthermore, a new metric has been 
included in the 2023 management limits, 
called High Market Misalignment. This 
metric is defined as the percentage of the 
capital base of exposure to customers 
whose issuance intensity is above 30% of 
the market average. This metric takes a 
transition risk management approach by 
focusing on customers with a clear level of 
misalignment with respect to the emissions 
intensity trajectories established by the 
International Energy Agency, The Net Zero 
Emissions scenario for each of the sectors. 
The calculation scope is the loan portfolio 
of the autos, power generation, steel and 
cement sectors.
The definition of the levels of tolerance 
established in the Risk Appetite Framework 
are based on the Risk Assessment and 
Scenario analyses described below.
P.  53
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
Risk Assessment
This section firstly provides a self-
assessment of how the different climate-
change related risk factors impact on the 
main types of risk currently existing (credit, 
market, liquidity, etc.); secondly, an analysis 
of the sectors that are most sensitive to 
this risk (under the so-called “internal risk 
taxonomy”); and, finally, the methodology 
used to assess the climate vulnerability 
of the relevant geographic areas where 
the BBVA Group operates. These last two 
aspects are integrated into the management 
through processes such as admission 
frameworks or the establishment of risk 
limits.
As part of its General Risk Management and 
Control Model, the Group develops periodic 
risk identification and assessment processes 
to identify material risks that could have 
a negative impact on its risk profile and to 
manage those risks actively and proactively. 
These processes cover all types of risks 
faced by the Group in its daily activity, 
including those risks that are more difficult 
to quantify. Since 2022, the General Risk 
Management and Control Model specifically 
considers sustainability as an essential part 
of the Group’s strategy.
The Global Risk Assessment is a prospective 
exercise which updates at least twice a 
year, and allows a comparison between risk 
types, business activities and moments in 
time, facilitating the understanding of the 
Bank’s positioning and its development, 
and identifying the material risks to cover 
with capital. Since 2020 the Group has 
carried out a climate assessment, mainly of 
a qualitative nature, which assesses BBVA’s 
vulnerability to transition and physical risk. 
As in the case of the global assessment, 
the climate assessment process is of a 
participative and global nature in the GRM 
area. The results of the assessment are 
submitted to the highest executive risk 
committee (GRMC), as well as the corporate 
bodies, as this assessment is integrated in 
key corporate processes such as the Risk 
Appetite Framework and the Internal Capital 
Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP).
The climate change risk assessment process 
runs parallel to the Group’s global risk 
assessment, although there are two major 
differences. First, there are still no mature 
indicators to assess the different risks 
quantitatively and second, the time horizon 
of the analysis is much more extensive. 
The analysis is carried out for a short-term 
horizon coinciding with the planning horizon 
(4 years), medium term (4-10 years) and 
long term (over 10 years). The climate 
change risk assessment, like the other risks, 
is carried out from two perspectives of the 
global assessment:
P.  54
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
1/ Identification of risk events: transition 
risk and physical risk are included in the 
identification of risk events that may have 
a material impact on the Group. Below 
is the matrix of risk events identified in 
2022 that are graphically represented 
according to their estimated impact 
on the BBVA Group and their assigned 
probability.
 
 
 
 
GRAPH 01. Risk materializing in the short term: time horizon 12-18 months
IMP ACT
PROBABILITY
CLIMATE RISK
Accelerated transition
CATEGORIES
Global
Macroeconomic
Geopolitical - 
Political
Business - 
Strategy
Operacional - 
Technological
Local
High
High
Medium-high
Medium-high
Medium-low
Medium-low
Low
Low
Climate change risk is included as a 
material event in this inventory since 2019. 
The assessment in the analysis of climate 
change risk events classifies physical and 
transition risks. In the short term (12-18 
months), it is considered that an accelerated 
transition to a low-carbon economy would 
entail a medium-impact risk event, although 
the probability currently given to this type 
of scenario is medium low. At a medium/
long-term time horizon, the risk of physical 
climate change is included in the inventory 
of emerging risks (those that may have an 
impact on a longer horizon) and is assigned 
a medium risk.
2/ Risk level assessment: The second 
approach followed in risk assessment is 
based on an assessment of the profile 
of each type of risk expressed in a heat 
map. In 2022, the analysis was extended 
to the six relevant geographical areas 
of the BBVA Group (Spain, Mexico, 
T urkey, Argentina, Peru and Colombia). 
The financial year incorporates risk 
factors, such as the carbon footprint 
of customers, the energy efficiency of 
real estate collateral and the emissions 
financed, to name a few. Work has also 
been done on the preliminary inclusion 
of quantitative metrics for certain risk 
factors, especially exposures to activities 
that are sensitive to transition risk 
(include table of indicators). 
The conclusions of the assessment for 
2022 suggest that the main risks emerge 
in medium- and long-term loan portfolios, 
with an earlier impact on transition risk in 
Spain given the speed of this geographic 
area in adopting decarbonization policies. 
In contrast, there has been a reduction in 
risk due to regulatory pressure in emerging 
geographies. The factor that has the 
greatest impact in the long term on credit 
risk is that derived from the investments in 
technological change that companies will 
have to carry out in order to decarbonise. 
With respect to the impact of physical risk 
P.  55
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
on loan portfolios, the greater frequency/
severity of extreme meteorological events 
and structural changes in climate patterns 
explains the deterioration shown in the 
assessment over longer-term horizons. Also 
noteworthy is the increase in medium-term 
insurance risk associated with the increase 
in reinsurance premiums, which may have 
an impact in the medium term, although the 
level of risk remains at a medium-low level.
The impact of transition risk on liquidity risk 
is low due to the stability of the retail deposit 
base and the high asset quality of the liquid 
asset buffer. Market risk is equally low, due 
to the diversification of the equity portfolio 
and low exposure to sectors sensitive to 
transition risk in the fixed-income portfolio. 
As for operational risk, there is a difference 
in the perceived risk in Spain (medium-
low) and in the rest of the geographic areas 
(medium-high), due to the greater exposure 
of the latter to physical risk in the medium 
and long term.
TABLE 04. Risk assessment climate change 2022
Spain Rest of geographical areas
ST 
<4 years
MT 
4-10 years
LT 
>10 years
ST 
<4 years
MT 
4-10 years
LT 
>10 years
 TRANSITION RISK
Credit
Liquidity and funding
Structural equities risk 
Credit spread risk
Markets (trading)
Insurance
Operational
Reputational
  TOTAL
 PHYSICAL RISK
Credit
Liquidity and funding
Structural equities risk
Credit spread risk
Markets (trading)
Insurance
Operational
  TOTAL
Low risk Moderate-low risk Moderate-high risk High risk
P.  56
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
Within the scope of preparing and defining 
its industry frameworks governing the credit 
admission process, BBVA has developed 
an internal T axonomy of transition risk in 
order to classify industries according to 
their sensitivity to transition risk. In addition, 
metrics are identified at the customer 
level to assess their vulnerability and to 
integrate this aspect into risk and customer 
support decisions. 
The estimation of the transition risk-
sensitivity level is based on the qualitative 
analysis of the amount of exposure to 
regulatory, technological and market 
changes caused by decarbonization 
that may have a financial impact on the 
companies of the industry and on the 
estimation of the time horizon impact of 
these effects.
Therefore, industries are categorized 
according to their level of sensitivity to 
transition risk: very high, high, moderate 
or low. The industries identified as most 
sensitive to transition risk are energy 
or fossil fuel generation sectors (oil and 
gas, power generation and coal mining); 
emission-intensive basic industries (steel, 
cement); and activities that are final users 
of energy and generators of emissions 
through their products or services (vehicles 
manufacturers, air and sea transportation).
As a result of this exercise, with data as at 
December 31, 2022, 12.95% of the exposure 
(measured by EAD) of the wholesale 
portfolio (equivalent to 6.69% of the 
Group’s portfolio) has been identified as 
corresponding to sectors defined as “high 
transition risk” , with a high or very high level 
of exposure to this risk. This calculation 
was made on a portfolio of €209,759 
(of the Group’s total EAD of €406,097), 
corresponding to the EAD of the wholesale 
lending portfolio.
During 2022, this calculation was introduced 
for the small business sector (SMEs and 
the self-employed). The results obtained 
2022 indicate that the EAD associated 
with high or very high transition risk in 
this portfolio is limited, at around 3%, and 
focused in mainly in Spain and in the autos 
(components) sector.
In addition, climate change and 
environmental risk impact has been 
incorporated into country risk analysis since 
2019, as an additional input for establishing 
risk policies affecting exposures to private or 
sovereign administrations of all the countries 
with which the Bank has some type of risk 
(+100 countries).
Cement
Steel*
Autos
Power 
generation
Transport
Oil & Gas
0,6%
Coal 0,1%
1,4%
2,2%
4,8%
0,7%
3,2%
Prepared by BBVA. 
Includes the percentage of exposure at default of activities internally 
defined as “transition risk sensitive” over the EAD of the wholesale 
portfolio as of December 31, 2022 (not including the subsidiaries of 
Garanti, Forum Chile, Uruguay, Venezuela and BPI). The “transition 
risk sensitive” portfolio includes activities that generate energy or 
fossil fuels (energy, power generation -excluding renewable generation 
and water and waste treatment-), coal mining; basic industries with 
emission-intensive processes (steel and cement), final activities 
users of the energy through their products or services (vehicles 
manufacturers, air and sea transportation) with a high or very high 
level of sensitivity to this risk. The reduction in exposure (measured 
by % EAD) of the wholesale portfolio compared to 2021 is due to the 
increase in the EAD of the wholesale portfolio in 2022 (from €368,819m 
as of December 31, 2021 to €406,097m as of December 31, 2022) and 
because the EAD included in the numerator of the calculation formula, 
does not include power generation from renewable sources.
* Also includes steel industry
P.  57
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
Analysis of scenarios and 
stress testing
Scenarios and internal stress tests
The climate scenarios have been integrated 
into the governance of the BBVA Group’s 
internal scenarios, with initiatives being 
developed in several areas:
1/ The climate reflection is presented 
together with the preparation of the 
budget baseline scenario. It reviews the 
climate policies in place in each relevant 
geographic area, their effective relevance 
within the overall economic policy 
framework, their consistency with the 
transition to a decarbonized economy 
and whether there may be any bias 
on the economic growth of the budget 
baseline scenario due to its potential 
development.
2/ The climate driver has been integrated 
into the high-level risk scenarios (HLRS) 
which are monitored and assessed 
continuously in the Group by the 
Scenario Working Group. They serve as 
a basis for choosing the scenario which 
is used in the Group’s internal capital 
adequacy assessment process (ICAAP).
In 2022 different physical risk events in 
Spain were assessed in order to consider 
them as input in the ICAAP . Among the 
events taken into account, drought is 
considered relevant for the design of 
physical climate change risk scenarios 
due to its presence in recent history, its 
persistence over time and its impact on the 
economy. 
Regulatory and supervisory 
scenarios and stress tests
In October 2021, the ECB published 
the methodology for the stress tests on 
climate change risk scheduled for 2022 
in the months March to July. 104 entities 
participated fully or partially in this exercise, 
and of these, 41 entities, including BBVA, 
participated in the whole exercise. The 
exercise was based on three different 
modules, with the following contents:
MODULE 1  
Qualitative questionnaire about the internal 
framework of climate stress testing including 
11 blocks with topics related to governance, 
RAF, integration with the strategy, ICAAP and 
future plans
MODULE 2  
Analysis of the current portfolio of entities 
with respect to revenue dependence on 
polluting sectors6 as well as emissions 
financed in such sectors
6. The exercise focused on a list of 22 NACE sectors published by the ECB.
P.  58
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
MODULE 3  
Bottom-up stress testing and loss 
projections with different types of risks and 
horizons considered:
 TRANSITION RISKS:
Short-term  
(3 year projection)  
Including both credit risk and market 
risk, based on the Network for Greening 
the Financial System Disorderly scenario 
(NGFS).
Long term  
(2030-2040-2050)  
Including only credit risk and considering 
dynamic balance sheet projections 
based on both the macro situation and 
the Entity’s strategy covering three 
NGFS scenarios (Hot House, Orderly and 
Disorderly)
 PHYSICAL RISK (credit risk): two one-
year projections each, considering a flood 
scenario and a drought and heat wave 
scenario.
 The exercise COVERED OPERATIONAL 
RISK AND REPUTATIONAL RISK 
by means of qualitative questionnaires
In order to comply with the methodology 
required by the ECB in this exercise, a 
sectoral layer has been incorporated into 
the loss projection models. These models, 
together with the sectoral scenarios 
published by the ECB, have made it 
possible to make projections reflecting the 
idiosyncrasies of each sector. In this way, the 
possible differences in sensitivities to climate 
change risk in each of them are adequately 
reflected through differentiated impacts.
Identification, 
measurement and 
integration of climate 
change into risk 
management
Once climate change risk is incorporated 
into the Risk Appetite Framework and the 
business strategy, it must also be included 
in the day-to-day risk management, which 
is a part of the risk decision making that 
supports the Group’s customers. 
It is therefore necessary to identify this risk 
type for subsequent integration into the 
existing management processes, including 
the adaptation of policies, procedures, 
tools, parameterization, risk limits and risk 
controls in a consistent manner. Currently, 
BBVA is developing the methodologies and 
tools it needs to identify and measure the 
different components of climate change risk, 
and the financial impact analysis of each of 
them for their subsequent integration into 
the management. These tools are based 
on the metrics of financed emissions, 
alignment with decarbonization pathways, 
analysis of the vulnerability and exposure 
to climate hazards of our customers and 
P.  59
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03  / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
their collaterals, and the analysis of climate 
scenarios that allow for a prospective view 
of risks, opportunities and their financial 
impacts.
The adaptation of policies and procedures 
initially focused on the integration of 
transition risk in the Sectoral Frameworks 
(a basic tool in the definition of risk appetite 
in wholesale loan portfolios) where climate 
criteria are specified in the admission 
guidelines and in the mortgage and vehicle 
action frameworks in retail credit. In 2022, 
sectoral analyses of the risks derived from 
decarbonization were developed according 
to the baseline scenarios. This work made 
it possible to define strategies and business 
plans aimed at meeting the alignment 
objectives established in the medium term, 
as well as mitigating the risks related to 
decarbonization on the balance sheet.
Sector plans
The Group is working on drawing up 
strategic sector plans for all sectors for 
which a portfolio alignment and/or exit 
objective has been defined. The content 
of these plans includes an analysis of the 
risks and opportunities of the sector, the 
long-term vision of the role of the sector in 
the decarbonization of the economy and 
the strategic responses of the actors of the 
entire sector.
In addition, the plans include an analysis 
of the current state of the portfolio and 
the positioning with respect to the Group’s 
objective for the sector, as well as the 
identification of drivers to manage the risk 
of portfolio transition, including the portfolio 
alignment metric. All this is reflected in 
the formulation of a business plan, which 
includes the identification of opportunities 
with existing and potential clients, and 
a tiered approach to define the appetite 
towards clients in the sector. These business 
plans allow the definition of projected 
decarbonization curves for each sector to 
monitor progress in the alignment exercise.
During 2022, a series of multidisciplinary 
working groups have been launched, 
made up of teams from GRM, CIB, 
Sustainability and Strategy, called Climate 
and Environmental Sectoral Panels. These 
groups have developed Sector Strategic 
Plans in the oil & gas and electricity 
(which includes electricity generation) 
sectors. This work has made it possible 
to define strategies and business plans 
aimed at meeting the alignment objectives 
established in the medium term as 
well as mitigating the risks related to 
decarbonization in the balance.
This work is a fundamental part of portfolio 
alignment management and input for the 
definition of the risk appetite included in 
the Sector Frameworks. In 2023, plans will 
be implemented for the rest of the sectors 
for which an alignment objective has been 
defined.
P.  60
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
Loan portfolio alignment with 
Net Zero 2050
The Net Zero 2050 commitment (zero 
net emissions in 2050) also includes 
emissions from customers who receive 
financing from the Bank. For this reason, 
in order to accompany its clients in the 
transition towards a more sustainable future, 
with specific plans and objectives, BBVA 
undertook to publish alignment objectives 
for the sectors defined  in the Guide to set 
the Net Zero Banking Alliance objectives.
BBVA’s commitment to alignment involves 
establishing a framework comprising 
objectives and commitments for the 
different sectors considered to be the 
greatest emitters. These objectives, as 
defined in the aforementioned Guide, must 
be set at the sectoral level. In this sense, 
BBVA announced its objective of phase-
out of activities related to coal, ceasing 
to finance companies involved in these 
activities before 2030 in developed countries 
and before 2040 in the rest of the countries 
in which BBVA is present. (under the terms 
of the Environmental and Social Framework).
Under the PACTA methodology, BBVA 
published intermediate decarbonization 
targets for 2030 for the power generation, 
autos, steel and cement sectors, which, 
together with coal, account for 60% of global 
CO2 emissions. The Net Zero scenario of the 
International Energy Agency (IEA) has been 
used as a benchmark. 
In 2022, BBVA published its alignment target 
for the Oil & Gas sector. BBVA is participating 
in the definition within the NZBA of a specific 
guideline for this sector. However, given its 
relevance in global emissions, it was decided to 
publish a metric that would include the largest 
amount of emissions given the information 
available. The PCAF methodology has been 
used for the calculation and a scope 1, 2 and 3 
absolute emission reduction target has been 
established for oil exploration and production. 
In order to follow up on these objectives and 
supervise their compliance, a Sustainability 
Alignment Steering Group (SASG) has 
been created made up of the heads of the 
Business, Risk, Sustainability and Strategy 
areas, with the following functions:
 Approval of the proposal of the sectoral 
alignment objectives and intermediate 
objectives, as well as the methodologies 
used in their calculation
 Evaluation of the fulfillment of these 
objectives and the promotion of initiatives 
to facilitate their management.
 Analysis and understanding of the best 
practices in the sector, promoting the 
integration of sustainable criteria in day-
today business.
After having passed through the SASG, 
the monitoring of compliance with the 
objectives, including the explanation 
of possible deviations and measures 
to redirect them (if applicable), will be 
submitted for review to the highest 
executive level and subsequently to the 
corporate bodies, at least twice a year.
T o facilitate effective management and 
compliance with the alignment objectives, 
BBVA has developed a series of internal 
tools that allow it to integrate the 
management of these objectives into the 
day-to-day risk and business processes. 
These tools include:
 Alignment dashboard  with PACTA 
methodology.
 TRi (T ransition Risk Indicator), a tool 
for assessing each customer’s current 
emissions profile and decarbonization 
strategies.
 Sustainability Client T oolkit , which 
compiles ESG information from large 
corporations and/or entities with 
public information that is required at 
management level in a single repository 
for use from the front end. 
For additional information, see section 
Measurement and integration of transition risk.
P.  61
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
The sectors with the greatest weight in the 
CO2 financed emissions for the BBVA, S.A.8 
perimeter are detailed below:
TABLE 05. Financed emissions as of December 31, 20229 
Sector 
Emissions financed 
(MtCO2e)
Intensity 
(tCO2e/M€) Score
Manufacturing 16.4 756 4.6
Power generation, gas, steam and air conditioning 5.4 671 4.9
Mining and quarrying 4.4 2,264 4.9
T ransport and storage 2.4 448 4.5
Agriculture, forestry and fishing 2.0 1,116 4.4
For the BBVA, S.A. perimeter10 the total 
emissions financed according to the EBA 
definitions for the publication of the report 
with prudential relevance (also known as 
Pillar 3), has been estimated at 34.5 million 
tons of CO2e.
8. 
9. 
10. 
Calculation of financed 
emissions
BBVA is working on measuring the issues 
financed in retail and wholesale portfolios. 
T o carry out this measurement, BBVA has 
adopted the PCAF (Partnership for Carbon 
Accounting Financials) methodology. 
This calculation will gradually cover all the 
portfolios covered by the PCAF methodology 
and the different geographical areas, 
allowing a global vision of the financed 
emissions to be obtained and identifying 
in which portfolios and sectors these 
emissions are concentrated in order to 
subsequently define mitigation plans, as well 
as a transversal vision of the quality of data 
available to perform these calculations.
In the defined roadmap, the calculation 
at the end of December 2022 includes 
the measurement of financed emissions 
for the perimeter of loans to companies, 
project financing, commercial real estate, 
mortgages and autos within the scope of 
BBVA, S.A.7 In parallel, the Group is working 
on the inclusion of other portfolios and 
geographical areas during 2023 and 2024.
7 . 8. 9. 10. For the perimeter BBVA, S.A. except Portugal branches.
Additionally, adding the financed emissions 
to other sectors outside the perimeter of 
Pillar 3, mortgages to individuals and other 
retail portfolios, the total financed emissions 
have been estimated at approximately 39.9 
million tons of CO2e.
P.  62
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
These estimates of financed emissions 
are the result of calculating with the best 
possible approximation and with the data 
currently available. For the year 2023, there 
is a line of work to evolve said estimate. In 
the case of customers’ scope 3 emissions 
estimates, it must be taken into account 
that this is a partial estimate, subject to 
the availability of emission factors made 
available by the PCAF methodology.
PCAF offers various levels of quality scores 
when calculating financed emissions. The 
criterion takes into account the availability 
and reliability of the data used in the 
calculation by the entities and is measured 
based on a scale from 1 to 5. This means, 
that the score is situated at a higher level if 
the quality of the data is lower (estimates by 
sector or trends by industry, for example), 
tending to 5. On the contrary, the best score 
is obtained when the calculation of financed 
emissions is based on data on emissions 
reported and verified at the individual 
counterparty level (score 1). 
TABLE 06. Financed emissions as of December 31, 202211 
Sector 
Emissions financed 
(MtCO2e)
Manufacturing 16.4
Power generation, gas, steam and air conditioning 5.4
Mining and quarrying 4.4
T ransport and storage 2.4
Agriculture, forestry and fishing 2.0
Rest of sectors 3.9
T otal perimeter Pillar 3 34.5
Sectors out of scope of Pillar 3 3.0
Mortgages 1.9
Other retail portfolios 0.5
T otal 39.9
11. For the perimeter BBVA, S.A. except Portugal branches.
P.  63
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
Measurement and integration 
of transition risk
In 2022, sustainability factors continued 
to be included as one of the analysis axis 
in the Action Frameworks of all the sectors 
included in the taxonomy as High transition 
risk. In these Action Frameworks, the risks 
and opportunities of the climate transition 
are incorporated as an additional factor in 
the definition of the risk portfolio view, which 
is carried out annually and where the risk 
appetite is defined at sector level.
In sectors classified as High transition risk, 
transition risk assessment criteria have 
begun to be defined at customer level based 
on their alignment with the objectives of 
the Paris Agreement or the ambition and 
credibility of their transition plans. In some 
cases, this analysis leads to the definition of 
specific risk policies with the customer or to 
the definition of credit risk mitigants.
In addition to the integration into the 
sectoral frameworks, in 2022, sustainability 
factors also continued to be systematically 
integrated into the customer analysis 
processes for credit origination, enabling 
their incorporation into decision making.
This analysis is performed in an environment 
integrated in BBVA’s systems, called ESG 
Client T oolkit, which presents a common 
interface for the Risk and Business teams 
where the customers’ sustainability 
information is viewed. This interface 
provides insight into climate transition 
strategies, governance and climate change 
risk and opportunity management practices, 
decarbonization metrics and targets, as well 
as progress in the management of other 
ESG aspects material to the customer’s 
sector of activity, its compliance with BBVA’s 
Environmental and Social Framework, 
existence of social, environmental and 
ethical controversies and its level of 
alignment with the objectives of the Paris 
Agreement and level of emissions financed. 
This environment integrates the calculation 
of the transition risk scorecard, known as the 
T ransition Risk indicator.
Moreover, for those sectors classified as 
high transition risk, an advanced transition 
risk scorecard has been developed to 
incorporate transition risk dimensions in the 
customer’s profile. The scorecard evaluates 
the company’s current low-carbon profile; 
the levels of regulatory pressure in the 
geographic areas where it is present; its level 
of disclosure on climate management in 
line with TCFD recommendations; and the 
ambition and maturity of its decarbonization 
objectives. The result of the scorecard is a 
valuable tool to better identify the strengths 
and weaknesses of customers and to define 
concrete products to help them in the 
transition to low-carbon business models.
In 2022, versions of the transition scorecard 
were developed for the steel and cement 
sectors to join those previously defined for 
Automotive, Power Generation and Oil & 
Gas. The number of customers for whom 
the transition scorecard is available has 
been significantly expanded and work has 
begun on integrating it into standard risk 
management processes. The following 
image shows the results of the transition 
scorecard of the main customers in BBVA’s 
oil & gas, power generation, autos, steel 
and cement manufacturing portfolio (the 
size of the circles represents the number of 
customers in each category):
P.  64
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
Advanced
Business model inherently 
bene/f_its from the transition
Strong
Clients with strategies
and plans that mitigate
carbon exposure
Moderate
Material exposure to 
carbon transition risk
Poor
Fundamentally inconsistent 
business models with
the transition
CementSteelOil & Gas AutosPower 
generation
In the retail area the transition risk analysis 
was focused on the mortgage, auto loan 
and SME portfolios. In all of them, one 
of the main aspects that determines 
the transition risk are carbon emissions 
associated with each of them. These 
emissions are associated with the use of 
fossil fuels or electricity, or dependence on 
them for the correct operation of the asset 
or customer. Therefore, the calculation 
of financed emissions serves as a lever 
to identify the portfolios that are most 
sensitive to changes in regulation, fuel 
prices or depreciation of certain types of 
“unsustainable” assets. In turn, to mitigate 
risk, BBVA also acts as a financing facilitator 
to address the investments required for 
climate change mitigation and adaptation 
to climate change with more sustainable 
forms of life and products.
In the case of mortgages, during 2022 
we worked on the correct collection 
of consumption and emissions data 
associated with mortgage guarantees, 
both from real and estimated Energy 
Efficiency Certificates (EEC), and in 
Spain we are promoting the standardized 
and homogeneous collection of these 
estimates and real EEC data at sector level. 
Based on the definition made in 2021 of 
sustainability criteria to classify when a 
collateral asset is considered sustainable, 
BBVA has applied differentiated pricing to 
loans with sustainability content, such as 
in the Efficient Home Mortgage, for homes 
with consumption letter A or B.
In the case of vehicle loans, as well as 
the type of fuel, mechanisms are being 
implemented to have information available 
associated with average emissions of each 
vehicle based on its make, model and 
version. As with mortgages, financing with 
sustainable products is encouraged when 
the sustainability criteria are met, in this 
case, for electric or plug-in hybrid cars.
P.  65
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03  / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
Lastly, as mentioned in previous sections, 
the BBVA Group is committed to 
sustainable development, which is one of 
the defining elements of BBVA’s business 
model. In this regard, the General Retail 
Credit Risk Policy establishes that one of 
the general principles governing retail credit 
risk management in the BBVA Group is 
respect for equality and diversity, avoiding 
unfair bias in access to financial products 
for reasons such as gender, color, ethnic 
origin, disability, religion, sexual orientation 
or political opinion.
Additionally, the General Risk Management 
Model Policy establishes that in order to 
avoid unfair bias in access to financial 
products based on gender, color, 
ethnic origin, disability, religion, sexual 
orientation or political opinion, none of 
these variables will be included in the 
admission and pricing models.
Non-financial risks related to 
sustainability
In order to identify and mitigate non-financial 
risks related to sustainability, including 
possible risks arising from divergent 
opinions on ESG issues and policies, BBVA 
has established specific working groups, 
with the participation of all relevant business 
and control units. These working groups 
review the main activities that may generate 
this type of risk (communications, products, 
goals and commitments, adherence to 
initiatives, etc.), develop, in each case, 
the appropriate control frameworks 
and check their implementation in the 
management processes.
Classification and 
measurement of physical risk
Physical risk is associated with the location 
of assets and vulnerability based on their 
activity and can materialize in credit risk 
through different transmission channels, 
having an impact in multiple ways such as, 
for example, on the purchasing power of 
customers, business productivity, market 
demand or the value of assets. In 2022, 
BBVA learnt a great deal in this field and 
its level of maturity and knowledge of the 
different methodologies for the assessment 
of physical risk has advanced considerably. 
However, these advances represent a first 
approximation due to the complexity of 
carrying out an assessment of the exposure 
and impacts of physical risks.
BBVA has continued to make progress 
in assessing the materiality of chronic 
and acute risks in the different portfolios. 
The analysis of physical risk is articulated 
around three pillars: threat, exposure 
and vulnerability.
P.  66
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
Regarding the threat, the methodology of 
the Think Hazard tool of the World Bank 
has been followed. This tool indicates the 
risk levels of the different natural hazards, 
both acute (cyclone, heat waves, fire 
and river flooding) and chronic (drought 
and coastal flooding) at a global level 
and in different detail depending on the 
geographical area of the planet. These 
risk levels are calculated based on the 
frequency of occurrence and intensity 
of the different natural hazards. It is 
important to note that the information 
used is provided by a number of private, 
academic and public organizations. In 
addition, work has been done to increase 
the granularity of the risk levels offered 
by Think Hazard, using scientific and 
technical criteria, for the most relevant 
hazards in BBVA’s geographical areas, 
specifically, tropical cyclones, coastal and 
river flooding, and forest fire.
For the vulnerability component, during 
2022 the sectoral granularity of the 
analysis for Wholesale Banking and SMEs 
has been increased. This analysis is carried 
out based on 8 indicators that capture 
direct and indirect physical impacts, 
so that the sensitivity of each sector to 
climate hazards is indirectly assessed 
by analyzing its sensitivity to these 
vulnerability indicators. This methodology 
follows the best practices identified by the 
T askforce on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosure (TCFD) and UNEP-FI. As a 
result, a qualitative classification of the 
(sub)sectors is generated according to the 
potential impact on their business model 
and activity of chronic or acute changes in 
the climate.
Threat and vulnerability scores are applied 
at the contract level based on the location 
to identify prone exposure to physical risk. 
As a result, the sectors identified as most 
vulnerable to physical risks have been power 
generation, basic materials, construction, 
consumption, and real estate.
GRAPH 02. Exposure to physical risk as of December 31, 2022 (percentage)*
Loans to 
non-/f_inancial 
corporations 
84,4% 13,6%
Residential 
mortgages Non-exposed Exposed
Non-exposed Exposed
88,0% 12,0%
*El desglose incluye las carteras de España, México, T urquía, Perú, Colombia y Argentina.
The advances achieved during 2022 have 
allowed a first approximation, based on 
international tools and methodologies, of 
the exposure prone to chronic and acute 
risks. The implementation of an action plan 
has also begun, the objective of which is 
to have the analytical capabilities and data 
necessary to integrate physical risks into risk 
policies and processes.
As of 2023, work will be done to have 
precise and standardized information on 
the locations of the guarantees and assets 
of our clients from all portfolios, to analyze 
the exposure of the wholesale and retail 
portfolios to the different chronic and acute 
hazards based on climate scenarios. and in 
calculating the financial impacts of perils at 
the customer and asset level.
P.  67
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
Integration of natural capital
The global effort to combat 
climate change cannot be 
effective without addressing 
the natural capital challenge 
simultaneously. T o reflect 
this, companies’ future 
transition plans will need to be 
improved to reflect companies’ 
dependencies and impacts 
on nature and biodiversity 
including just transition.
The General Sustainability Policy posits the 
protection of natural capital as one of its 
main focuses of action. Specifically, BBVA 
recognizes the need to protect ecosystem 
services and natural assets, native species 
and natural ecological  processes. It 
considers biodiversity and natural capital in 
its relationship with its clients.
The Environmental and Social Framework 
includes a range of general bans and 
prohibited activities related to biodiversity 
loss and the fight against deforestation:
 Projects that threaten UNESCO World 
Heritage sites, Ramsar-listed wetlands, 
Alliance for Zero Extinction sites and 
International Union for Conservation of 
Nature category I-IV sites.
 Projects involving resettlement or 
infringement of the rights of indigenous 
or vulnerable groups without their free, 
prior and informed consent.
 Projects related to deforestation:: burning 
of natural ecosystems for the purpose 
of clearing land for the implementation 
of agricultural or livestock projects, 
elimination of high conservation value 
and high carbon forests, palm oil farms 
not certified or not in the process of 
certification by the Roundtable for 
Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO), palm oil 
farms in swamps and peat-rich areas, 
and from 2022, projects in IUCN key 
biodiversity areas of the Brazilian Amazon 
and Cerrado.
If BBVA concludes that any of the 
circumstances described in the prohibited 
activities or general bans apply to a project, 
it will decline to participate in that project.
In 2022, BBVA has identified the levels of 
environmental impact and dependencies 
for sectors following the methodology of the 
ENCORE tool, which enables us to know how 
each of the financed sectors has an adverse 
impact on natural resources. The tool was 
developed by the Natural Capital Finance 
Alliance in collaboration with UNEP-WCMC. 
BBVA conducted an impact analysis using 
UNEP-FI’s Impact T ool which assesses the 
impacts related to natural capital in most of 
the countries in which BBVA is present.
P.  68
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
As a member of the TNFD Forum (T ask Force 
on Nature-Related Financial Disclosures), 
BBVA is following the publication of the 
different versions of the framework for the 
management and disclosure of nature-
related risks and opportunities and the 
guidelines published for market participants 
to begin pilot testing for reporting under the 
TNFD framework which is scheduled to be 
published in 2023.
As solutions, BBVA developed a range of 
financial products aimed at generating 
positive impacts on the assets that make up 
natural capital. In 2022, BBVA formalized 
the first syndicated credit line linked to 
indicators related to the reduction of the 
water footprint (Water Footprint Loan), for 
an amount of €2.5bn and with a total of 24 
financial institutions, where BBVA acted as 
the sustainable banking lead (key indicators: 
water consumption in power generation and 
CDP Water Score). Also in 2022, BBVA and 
an Italian company signed a Water Footprint 
Loan for €50m (key indicators: water 
withdrawal and water leakage). In addition, 
BBVA has financed companies through 
sustainability-linked loans that include 
water-related KPIs in some key sectors with 
high dependence on this natural resource. 
In 2020, BBVA Mexico signed the first KPI-
linked loan with a cement company in Latin 
America and in 2021, with a data center, 
apps and services company.
BBVA has developed internal standards 
to promote the financing of sustainable 
fishing activities with the MSC and ASC 
(sustainable blue finance) labels, and also 
supports reforestation projects to offset its 
environmental footprint.
BBVA Research maintains a line of work 
on environmental sustainability, including 
biodiversity, with the aim of generating 
and raising awareness internally and for 
society as a whole of its importance and, in 
particular, its potential economic impacts. 
Outreach work has been done since 2017 
on sustainability on the website www.
bbva.com in the Planet category titled 
‘Biodiversity Conservation. ’ Specifically, 46 
publications were created, including articles 
and videos, which in 2022 attracted more 
than 655 thousand unique users (14% more 
than in 2021).
P.  69
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
Identification and 
measurement of other 
environmental risks
Following international reference frameworks 
such as the SASB Materiality Map and 
rating agencies, BBVA has identified the 
sub-sectors of activity it finances and the 
most relevant environmental and social 
factors of each one, including aspects such 
as pollution and waste, biodiversity and land 
use or water resource management. This 
exercise is included in the “Sector Guide 
for the integration of sustainability factors 
in credit analysis” , which defines the most 
common metrics and reference thresholds 
in relation to environmental aspects and 
is used as a support tool in the admission 
process. 
In the case of natural capital, BBVA 
has identified the levels of impact and 
dependencies by sector following the 
methodology of the ENCORE (Exploring 
Natural Capital Opportunities, Risks and 
Exposure) tool developed by the Natural 
Capital Finance Alliance in collaboration with 
UNEP-WCMC. This tool provides information 
on how the activity of the sub-sectors that 
BBVA finances depends on nature and 
provides environmental information by 
sector.
TABLE 07 . Natural capital dependency - Heat mapping of portfolios
Natural capital 
dependency EAD (billions of euros)
Agribusiness 2,2
Paper & forest products 1,3
Integrated Oil & Gas 4
Water utilities 3,2
Other Food, beverage and tobacco 16
Mining 3,2
Marine transportation 0,4
Road and rail transportation 2,7
T ransportation infrastructure operators 3,1
T extiles, apparel and luxury goods 2,9
Power generation 16,2
Air transportation 1,1
Steel & Processed Metals 4,7
Other 91,3
  TOTAL 152,3
Low or very low Medium High
P.  70
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
The activities with the most significant 
dependencies on natural capital are 
agoindustry, oil & gas, forestry and paper 
products, food, beverages and tobacco, 
and mining. While water, flood and storm 
protection and climate regulation are the 
most important ecosystem services on 
which our loan portfolio depends, confirming 
our current environmental priorities.
Given the importance to BBVA’s loan 
portfolio and the dependence on water 
resources in the Power Generation 
sector, the Group has built a framework 
for conducting detailed water stress risk 
assessments at the customer level. This 
assessment was carried out using the 
locations of its customer’s power generation 
plants, the Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas tool of 
the World Resources Institute (WRI), which 
identifies water risk at asset locations, and 
the ENCORE (Exploring Natural Capital 
Opportunities, Risks and Exposure) tool 
developed by the Natural Capital Finance 
Alliance, which details water impacts and 
dependencies.
The results of the assessment are a water 
stress risk scorecard of the customer and 
of the assets. The results of this assessment 
lead to the conclusion that water is a key 
parameter when assessing the credit 
risk of customers, considering that their 
activity may be negatively affected by the 
physical effects of climate change in the 
coming years.
P.  71
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 03 / MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE
Metrics and goals
SECTION 04
Alignment metrics
BBVA is a founding member of the Net 
Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA) with the 
goal of being CO2 neutral by 2050. It is also 
a member of the PCAF initiative, which 
establishes an international methodology 
for measuring and reporting financed 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
BBVA has published intermediate alignment 
goals for 2030 in the sectors of power 
generation, oil & gas, autos, steel and 
cement, and the goal coal phase-out in 2030 
in developed countries and 2040 in the rest 
of the geographies where it operates under 
the terms indicated in its Environmental and 
Social Framework. Intermediate targets for 
the alignment of the aviation and maritime 
transport sectors are scheduled to be 
published in 2023.
BBVA discloses in this TCFD its first annual 
progress measurement report for the 
5 sectors in which it set alignment targets in 
2021: power generation, autos, steel, cement 
and coal. The extent of progress is not 
disclosed for the oil & gas sector as it has set 
targets in October 2022. The methodology 
chosen, adapted for each sector, follows 
the recommendations of the NZBA and the 
Guidelines for Climate T arget Setting for 
Banks published by UNEP-FI.
The following table presents, for the sectors 
in which decarbonization objectives have 
been defined, the details of the metrics 
chosen, the scope of emissions considered, 
the metric of the current situation, absolute 
emissions, the methodology used and the 
objective decarbonization by 2030:
P.  73
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
TABLE 08. Details about decarbonization goals by sector (BBVA Group 2022)
Sector Metric
Emission 
scope
2020 
baseline1
2030 
target
T arget 
Reduction 2021 2022
Market 
scenario
Reduction 2022 
vs baseline Methodology
Attributed emissions 
associated with the 
value chain (M t CO2e)2
 Oil & Gas Absolute emissions 
upstream (million t)1&2&3 14 9,8 (30) % 14 - n/a n/a PCAF n/a
Power 
Generation
Emission intensity  
(kg CO2e/MWh) 1&2 221 107 (52) % 199 212 414 (4.07) % PACTA 3.5
Autos Emission intensity  
(g CO2/v-km) 3 205 110 (46) % 202 195 180 (4.88) % PACTA 0.77
Steel Emission intensity  
(kg CO2/t steel) 1&2 1,270 984 (23) % 1,250 1,140 1,750 (10.24) % PACTA 0.82
Cement Emission intensity  
(kg CO2/t cement) 1&2 700 579 (17) % 690 690 700 (1.43) % PACTA 0.31
Coal Portfolio trend (€mn)3 n/a * * * - 1,701 - - - 0.31
n/a: not applicable.
(1) Oil & Gas baseline year 2021.
(2) The calculation of the attributed emissions associated with the value chain has been carried out by adding all the emissions from the different NACE sectors of the sectors under analysis. These NACE sectors comprise more sectors than those included in the PACTA 
calculation since PACTA is only calculated on the point in the value chain where most of the emissions are generated. This calculation is carried out in this way because, based on the PACTA methodology, it is assumed that by aligning the part of the value chain responsible for 
emissions, the sector as a whole is aligned. The calculation has been carried out using the PCAF methodology and includes the emissions of BBVA.S.A. except Portugal branches.
*Phase-out 2030 in developed countries and 2040 in the rest of the geographies where it operates, under the terms provided in the Environmental and Social 
Framework.(3) Total commitment (€mn)
The information included in the table above 
(minus the breakdown on the coal sector) 
has been obtained from the consolidated 
Non-financial information report, which is 
part of the BBVA Group’s 2022 Consolidated 
Management Report. The information 
included in the aforementioned Non-
financial information report has been 
verified by Ernst & Y oung, S.L., in its capacity 
as an independent provider of verification 
services, with the scope indicated in its 
Verification Report.
It is important to emphasize that the 
baseline of these metrics may change, 
since the sources of information used and 
the methodology are constantly changing. 
BBVA’s commitment is to maintain the level 
of ambition for reduction despite the fact 
that the baselines may change.
In this sense, the baseline of the power 
generation, steel and cement sectors 
has been modified and the objectives 
have been adjusted maintaining the level 
of ambition. These changes have been 
due to improvements in the calculation 
methodology and in the databases used. 
The primary provider of emissions intensity 
information is Asset Resolution, which 
provides asset information for the portfolio 
included in the calculation perimeter. 
The coverage percentage is between 95% 
and 100% depending on the sector under 
analysis. 
P.  74
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
1.1. T ransition plan and alignment of the Oil & Gas 
sector
2020 2022 2024 2026 2028 2030
BBVA Portfolio
Absolute Emissions in mn t CO2e
14
9.8
o.w. 11% of drawn amount with 
advanced transition clients
BBVA is committed to clean energy and will support the energy industry (oil 
& gas) in its transition. BBVA will align its exposure to the oil & gas sector 
following an absolute emissions metric. Between December 2021 and 
December 2030, the goal has been set to reduce emissions from its credit 
portfolio in exploration, drilling and extraction activities by 30% (from 14 
mn t CO2e to 9.8 mn t CO2e) in accordance with the 2050 net zero 
emissions scenario, the most stringent scenario at this time (not to exceed 
a 1.5ºC temperature increase in 2050). In addition, BBVA will not provide 
financing directly related to new exploration, drilling and extraction 
projects in this industry.
Customers with an advanced level on transition12 represent 11% of BBVA’s 
drawn amount in this industry. Therefore, BBVA will focus on engaging with 
customers with plans still pending to be elaborated to help them create 
robust plans and set clear emission reduction targets. BBVA will also 
support these customers in their transition to other forms of low-carbon 
power generation
 through the necessary investments that will facilitate their 
diversification and decarbonization.
It is important to note that progress towards our targets is expected to be 
non-linear in the short term. 
12. Customers are considered to be advanced in their transition when they show a solid position according to internal 
tools such as the T ransition Risk indicator (TRi), including the definition of medium-term emission reduction targets, the 
identification of reduction levers for the emissions management and the commitment of capital investments to execute its 
transition plan and/or other internal evaluations based on the intensity of the customer’s emissions compared to its peers.
P.  75
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04 / METRICS AND GOALS
1.2. T ransition plan and alignment of the power 
generation sector
221
199 212
107
411 414426
2020 2022 2024 2026 2028 2030
BBVA Portfolio Market pathway real
o.w. 83% of total commitment 
with advanced transition clients
Emissions intensity in kg CO2e/MWh
The power generation portfolio (212kg CO2e/MWh) has outperformed 
the NZ IEA scenario and the power market as a whole (414kg CO2e/MWh). 
This is due to the focus in supporting customers investing in renewables 
and the focus on reducing new financing of coal-fired power generation, 
with the goal to phase-out coal by 2030-2040, as described in the following 
section 1.6.
The size of the power generation portfolio has increased 26% compared 
to 2020 (+25% vs. 2021) driven by increased activity in the sector. Y ear 
2022 has been affected by the global energy crisis, exacerbated by special 
weather conditions with severe droughts, below average wind conditions, 
nuclear plants under maintenance and some coal plants fulfilling gas fired 
plants gap. 
BBVA’s performance has been actively driven by putting the focus mainly 
on customers with an advanced level on transition13 which represent 83% 
of the total commitment amount. The average portfolio emissions intensity 
remains similar to the starting point in 2020 (221kg CO2e/MWh).
It is important to note that progress towards this target is expected to be 
non-linear in the short term. 
13. Customers are considered to be advanced in their transition when they show a solid position according to internal 
tools such as the T ransition Risk indicator (TRi), including the definition of medium-term emission reduction targets, the 
identification of reduction levers for the emissions management and the commitment of capital investments to execute its 
transition plan and/or other internal evaluations based on the intensity of the customer’s emissions compared to its peers.
P.  76
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
1.3. T ransition plan and alignment of the autos 
sector
2020 2022 2024 2026 2028 2030
205 202 195
110
190
180 180
The market path for autos shows a calculation rounded to tens pending the availability of more granularity
BBVA Portfolio Market pathway real
Emissions intensity in kg CO2e/km
o.w. 100% of total commitment 
with advanced transition clients
BBVA’s intermediate goal by 2030 is to reduce the carbon intensity of its 
portfolio in the autos manufacturing sector by 46%, measured in g CO2/km 
of scope 3 emissions. Ultimately, the Group’s commitment is to reach to net 
zero emissions by 2050. 
The portfolio’s intensity (195g CO2/km) has shortened the gap with the 
industry pathway (180g CO2/km), especially during the last year (-7g CO2/
km), even when the size of the portfolio has remained stable compared to 
2020. This is due to the focus placed in supporting customers investing in 
new technologies and on reducing new financing to misaligned customers.
The sector continues to transition to decarbonization by investing in the 
EVs (electric vehicles) and hybridization. As a matter of fact, in Europe 
(BBVA’s core geographical area in this industry) the car production has 
remained flattish, with EV and hybrids increasing their market shares, at 
the expense of ICE (internal combustion engine) sales. BBVA’s strategy 
will be actively driven by accompanying and financing customers with an 
advanced level on transition14 which currently represent the totality of the 
total commitment.
It is important to note that progress towards these targets is expected to 
be non-linear in the short term. 
14. Customers are considered to be advanced in their transition when they show a solid position according to internal 
tools such as the T ransition Risk indicator (TRi), including the definition of medium-term emission reduction targets, the 
identification of reduction levers for the emissions management and the commitment of capital investments to execute its 
transition plan and/or other internal evaluations based on the intensity of the customer’s emissions compared to its peers.
P.  77
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04 / METRICS AND GOALS
1.4. T ransition plan and alignment of the 
steel sector 
2020 2022 2024 2026 2028 2030
1,750
1,7501,750
1,270
1,250
1,140
984
BBVA Portfolio Market pathway real
Emissions intensity in kg CO2/t steel
o.w. 68% of total commitment 
with advanced transition clients
BBVA has established a reduction target regarding its carbon emissions 
intensity by 23% in the steel sector by 2030, measured in kg CO2/tonne of 
steel (scope 1+2).
The steel portfolio (1,140kg CO2/t steel) has outperformed the steel market 
as a whole (1,750kg CO2e/t steel) consistently the last 2 years, even when 
the size of the portfolio has increased considerably compared to 2020 
(+27%). This has been possible thanks to the increasing accompaniment 
with customers outperforming the market in terms of their carbon 
intensity and, in the specific case of T urkey, it has been positively influenced 
by an improvement in the emission factors provided by the data provider 
for 2022.
Decarbonizing the steel industry will require heavy investments in new 
production modes EAF (Electric Arc Furnaces) and H2-DRI (Direct 
Reduction of Iron with Hydrogen), and an increased proportion of recycled 
materials. BBVA’s strategy will be actively driven by accompanying and 
financing customers with an advanced level on transition15, which currently 
represent 68% of the total commitment in this industry, although it is not 
yet reflected in intensities per production unit. 
It is important to note that progress towards these targets is expected to 
be non-linear in the short term. 
15. Customers are considered to be advanced in their transition when they show a solid position according to internal 
tools such as the T ransition Risk indicator (TRi), including the definition of medium-term emission reduction targets, the 
identification of reduction levers for the emissions management and the commitment of capital investments to execute its 
transition plan and/or other internal evaluations based on the intensity of the customer’s emissions compared to its peers.
P.  78
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04 / METRICS AND GOALS
1.5. T ransition plan and alignment of the 
cement sector
700 690 690 579
700 700 700
2020 2022 2024 2026 2028 2030
o.w. 82% of total commitment 
with advanced transition clients
BBVA Portfolio Market pathway real
Emissions intensity in kg CO2/t cement
Cement portfolio’s emissions intensity (690 CO2/t cement) is performing 
slightly better than the cement industry as a whole (700 CO2/t cement) 
which has remained stable during the last few years, mainly due to the 
reduction of BBVA’s portfolio’s size since 2020 (-1.5%). 
However, cement production is expected to recover, and by 2050 
production levels are expected to be 6% higher than today. Thus, the 
decarbonization of the cement industry will require the development 
and deployment of technology that is not currently available. Appropriate 
investment over the next decade will be critical to achieve the foreseen 
decarbonization goals. 
Key strategies to cut carbon emissions in cement production include 
improving energy efficiency, switching to lower-carbon fuels, promoting 
material efficiency (to reduce the clinker-to-cement ratio and total demand), 
and low carbon innovation (e.g. CCS). BBVA’s strategy will be actively driven 
by accompanying and financing customers with transition plans16 which 
currently represent 82% of the total commitment in this industry. 
It is important to note that progress towards these targets is expected to 
be non-linear in the short term. 
16. Customers are considered to be advanced in their transition when they show a solid position according to internal 
tools such as the T ransition Risk indicator (TRi), including the definition of medium-term emission reduction targets, the 
identification of reduction levers for the emissions management and the commitment of capital investments to execute its 
transition plan and/or other internal evaluations based on the intensity of the customer’s emissions compared to its peers.
P.  79
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04 / METRICS AND GOALS
1.6. T ransition and alignment 
plan for the coal sector
BBVA targets zero exposure 17 to coal 
clients by 2030 in the developed countries 
and by 2040 globally, through engaging 
a dialogue with these clients and actively 
monitoring their portfolio.
Coal clients are defined as those with 
greater than 5% of group revenue from 
thermal coal mining for power generation 
or clients with revenues derived from 
power generation with more than 5% 
of installed capacity for electric power 
generation derived from thermal coal. 
For clarification purposes, other indirect 
activities associated with the foregoing, 
such as trading activity or auxiliary 
services for mining, would be excluded.
17 . In the terms of BBVA’s Environmental and Social Framework published 
in its corporate website.
BBVA will however continue to finance 
sustainable projects for these coal clients, in 
the terms of the Environmental and Social 
Framework, in support of their sustainability 
transition.
BBVA’s exposure to thermal coal in 2022 
amounted to €1.7bn defined as the total 
commitment weighted by the groups’ 
revenues from thermal coal mining or by 
the coal fired power generation installed 
capacity. Approximately €1bn of this 
amount18 is to customers which have an 
expectation to transition in time to meet 
BBVA’s coal phase-out goal. 
BBVA will work with the customers which do 
not have a transition expectation in order to 
assess and proactively manage its exposure 
to such clients. Furthermore, BBVA will not 
onboard any new clients nor provide any 
financial services to new coal clients subject 
to the Environmental and Social Framework 
with more than 25% of thermal coal group 
revenue or more than 25% generation 
capacity from thermal coal-fired power 
generation.
18. In estimated terms as of the date of this report according to the 
internal methodology and sources of information used.
P.  80
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
Alignment metrics: 
emissions from assets under 
management (BBVA Asset 
Management)
BBVA Asset Management has joined 
the Net Zero Asset Managers Initiative 
to reach the year 2050 with portfolios 
with zero net emissions. Regarding the 
latter commitment, in 2022 BBVA Asset 
Management announced initial targets for 
decarbonization of portfolios, including 22% 
of total assets under management, with the 
following intermediate targets for 2030:
TABLE 09. BBVA Asset Management (assets under management): intermediate targets to decarbonize the portfolio 
Metric
Baseline 
year (2021)
T arget  
2030 Market Scenario Metodology
% Assets under 
Management 
Equity and corporate fixed income assets. Sovereign fixed income (euro zone)
% assets aligning or aligned
with Net Zero 26% 60%
Paris Aligned Investor 
Initiative (PAII), Net Zero 
Investment Framework
22%  
(12% + 10%)
Equity and corporate fixed income assets
Average Intensity  (million t) 
Scope 1,2 WACI1
173tCO2 /  
€M sales
50% reduction 
in emissions IEA Net Zero 2050
Paris Aligned Investor 
Initiative (PAII), Net Zero 
Investment Framework
12%
Sovereign fixed income (euro zone)
CCPI2 56.5 CCPI Annual 
improvement
Paris Aligned Investor 
Initiative (PAII), Net Zero 
Investment Framework
10%
Initial commitment to decarbonize 22% of its portfolio of assets under management. These assets are part of the portfolios managed in Europe and Mexico and comprise 
Eurozone sovereign bonds (10% of total assets under management) and equities and corporate bonds (12%). Asset classes for which there is no reliable data or methods are 
outside the scope of the project for the time being. However, this is just an initial commitment. It will be reviewed in the coming years to widen its scope.
Assets not included: Third party Funds, cash and equivalents, real estate and private equity, sovereign fixed income issued by agencies.
(1) Weighted average carbon intensity
(2) Climate Change Performance Index 
Regarding equity and corporate fixed 
income assets and sovering fixed income 
(Eurozone) a target of 50% emissions 
reduction by 2030 has been set, using a 
metric of emissions intensity per million 
of sales. This allows for portfolio growth in 
energy efficient, Scope 1 and 2 companies 
as there is insufficient data available to 
measure Scope 3 emissions in the portfolio.
In the case of Eurozone sovereign fixed 
income, a qualitative indicator has been 
chosen, as recommended by PAII in the 
absence of methodologies for assigning 
emissions to sovereign fixed income. It is 
used the Climate Change Performance 
Index (CCPI), which evaluates a country’s 
progress in the fight against climate 
change based on the evolution of per capita 
emissions, energy efficiency indicators and 
climate change policies.
As a reference scenario in the emissions 
reduction pathway, it is used the IEA Net 
Zero 2050 scenario, which is one of the 
most widely used in the financial industry 
and consistent with those used by the BBVA 
Group to set its decarbonization targets.
The Paris Aligned Investor Initiative (PAII), 
Net Zero Investment Framework has been 
selected as the target setting framework, 
recommended by the Net Zero Asset 
Managers initiative, among the most widely 
used by asset managers and with the 
greatest methodological coverage by asset 
type. Under this framework, a portfolio 
alignment target and emission reduction 
targets by asset type should be established.
In the portfolio alignment goal, assets that 
have reached Net Zero, are aligned with Net 
Zero or are in the process of alignment with 
Net Zero are included.
P.  81
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
Channeling sustainable 
business
2018-2022 period
BBVA19 has again increased its Goal 2025 Pledge, 
tripling its initial target up to €300,000 mn in the 
period 2018-2025. Between 2018 and 2022, 
BBVA mobilized a total of €135,871 mn in 
sustainable business, distributed as follows: 
Accumulated channeling 2018 - 2022
New target 
(2022)
 €300bn
2018
 2019
 2020
 2022
 2023
 2024
2021
Channeled from 2018
€136bn
2025
Initial target
(2018)
€100bn
Target revised
(2021)
€200bn
DEC 
2022
19. For the purposes of the Goal 2025, it is included the channeling of sustainable 
business of the entities that are part of BBVA Group as of 12/31/2022 as well as the 
BBVA Microfinance Foundation.
Inclusive 
growth
22%
BY CATEGORY (1) 
Climate
Change 
78%
Micro/f_inance Foundation 
5%
Retail
11%
Enterprise
19%
BY CUSTOMER
C&IB
65%
BY PRODUCT
Non-Project Finance 
and transactional 
banking activity
74%
Investment products art.8 or 9 under SFDR (2) or similar criteria
outside the EU managed, intermediated or marketed by BBVA (3) 
4%
Project Finance
5%
Bonds in which BBVA 
acts as bookrunner
17%
(1) In those cases where it is not feasible or there is not enough information available to allow an exact distribution between the categories of 
climate change and inclusive growth, internal estimates are made based on the information available.
(2) Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR).
(3) Includes, in CIB and Enterprise: structured deposits, mainly; and in Retail: structured deposits, insurance policies for electric vehicles and 
self-renting of electric vehicles, mainly.
P.  82
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
2022 
In 2022 it channeled €50bn, distributed as 
follows (data in billions of euros):
CLIENT BREAKDOWN  (1)
2022
Corporate  & 
Investment Banking
67%
Enterprise
21%
Retail
9%
Micro/f_inance 
Foundation 
3%
€50.00
  
CATEGORY BREAKDOWN (1)
Inclusive 
Growth
19%
Climate 
Change  
81%
€ 50.00
2022
CIB
Non-Project Finance and 
transactional banking activity
72.8%
Other
0.3% (2)
Project Vinance
6.1%
Bonds in which BBVA acts as bookrunner
20.8%
2022
€33.51
Non-Project Finance 
and transactional 
banking activity
91.2%
Bonds in which BBVA acts as bookrunner
8.5%
PRoject Finance
0.3%
€ 10.52
ENTERPRISE
2022
Investment products art.8 or 9 under SFDR(3) 
or similar criteria outside EU managed, 
intermediated or marketed byBBVA  
3.3%
Other 
2.3% (2)
Non-Project Finance 
and transactional banking
activity
94.4 % € 5.97
  
RETAIL
          +
FM BBVA
2022
(1) In those cases where it is not feasible or there is not enough information available to allow an exact distribution between the categories of climate change and inclusive growth, internal 
estimates are made based on the information available.
(2) Includes, in CIB and Enterprise: structured deposits, mainly; and in Retail: structured deposits, insurance policies for electric vehicles and third party renting of electric vehicles, mainly.
(3) Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR).
P.  83
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
For the purposes of the Goal 2025, 
channeling is considered to be any 
mobilization of funds, cumulatively, 
towards activities or clients considered 
to be sustainable in accordance, 
fundamentally, with existing regulations, 
internal standards inspired by existing 
regulations, market standards such as 
the Green Bond Principles, the Social 
Bond Principles and the Sustainability 
Linked Bond Principles of the International 
Capital Markets Association, as well as 
the Green Loan Principles, Social Loan 
Principles and the Sustainability Linked 
Loan Principles of the Loan Market 
Association and best market practices. 
The foregoing is understood without 
prejudice to the fact that said mobilization, 
both at an initial stage or at a later time, 
may not be registered on the balance 
sheet. T o determine the funds channeled 
to sustainable business, internal criteria is 
used based on both internal and external 
information, either from public sources, 
provided by customers or by a third party 
(mainly data providers and independent 
experts) 20.
20. BBVA does not assume any responsibility for the opinions expressed 
by third parties or for any errors or omissions in the information coming 
from external sources.
The aforementioned sustainable business 
pipeline is a metric that may differ from 
other metrics of a regulatory nature. In 
particular, this metric differs from the 
amount of exposure to sustainable business 
disclosed under the technical standards 
of execution (ITS) on the information of 
Pillar 3 related to environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) risks21, whose objective is 
the measurement of exposure to mitigation 
and adaptation actions22 against climate 
change. The reasons for these differences 
come from the different calculation criteria 
used in both concepts, highlighting the 
following: 
I  
While channeling includes mobilization of 
financial flows that may not be recorded on 
the balance sheet (e.g. transactional banking 
activity, investment funds, investment or 
bonds in which BBVA acts as bookrunner, 
etc), the regulatory metric only includes 
exposures within the balance sheet assets;.
21. Included in the Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 of the 
Commission of 30 November 2022, amending the implementing 
technical standards laid down in the Implementing Regulation (EU) 
2021/637 .
22. According to the regulatory definition (FINREP) of exposure: 
outstanding risk of loans and advances, as well as bonds in the 
investment portfolio.
II  
While the concept of channeling is 
cumulative (reflects accumulated balances 
since 2018), the regulatory metric only 
includes exposure for the year in question;
 
III  
While the channeling reflects the total 
mobilization of flows, the regulatory metric 
only includes outstanding balances on the 
balance sheet in the fiscal year in question;
IV  
While the concept of channeling also includes 
the mobilization of flows that contribute to a 
purpose of a social nature such as inclusive 
growth and other environmental objectives, 
the regulatory metric only contemplates the 
contribution to a climate purpose. 
Among the sustainable business 
mobilization solutions aimed at contributing 
to the fight against climate change and 
promoting inclusive growth, the following 
stand out:
P.  84
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
Sustainable solutions for 
wholesale Banking (corporate 
and institutional)
In 2022, BBVA has continued its 
development of sustainable solutions for 
wholesale customers. A model has also 
been implemented that reaches large 
and medium-sized companies, managing 
to close transactions with practically all 
sectors of the economy. Ranging from 
sectors such as power generation, industry 
and autos in Europe, to food and tourism in 
Mexico, real estate, cement and livestock 
in Colombia, logistics and recycling in Peru, 
rail transport in T urkey and the agricultural 
sector in Argentina. The amount mobilized 
comes to €44bn in the wholesale segment: 
€39bn in climate change and €5bn in 
inclusive growth.
Sustainable project finance
BBVA remained extremely active in the 
financing of sustainable projects throughout 
2022, participating in the mobilization 
of €2,098m (BBVA participation) of 
sustainable finance in the following main 
areas:
Renewable energy
BBVA has once again consolidated its position as one 
of the most active entities in this type of projects. It has 
closed deals both in Europe (financing for solar projects 
such as Elawan Energy, wind projects such as T ages 
and the Sancho project for Iberdrola-Mapfre, and wind 
and hydroelectric portfolio projects such as the Generg 
project for T otal-Eren), and in the United States and 
Canada, highlighting the Goshen Project to finance a 
photovoltaic project with BP and Leeward as sponsors in 
an American market that has an infrastructure plan for 
the implementation of renewable power generation, or 
the financing operation in Canada for a solar portfolio with 
Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners and Latin America, 
which shows BBVA’s support to leading companies in the 
implementation of new sustainable technologies.
ItalyJuly
Project T elkes-206 MW
Solar PV and Wind Portfolio
EUR 1,100,000,000
MLA, Bookrunner, 
Green Coordinator, 
Hedge provider
SpainOctober
605MWp Solar PV Portfolio
EUR 350,000,000
MLA, Bookrunner & 
Underwriter
USADecember
Project Goshen II -
124,5 MW Wind PV Portfolio
USD 147,000,000
MLA & Bookrunner
UKJune
Open Access network 
roll-out
GBP 3,900,000,000
Underwriter, 
Bookrunner and Mandated 
Lead Arranger
SpainJuly
605MWp Solar PV Portfolio
EUR 185,000,000
T erm Loan, MLA & Green 
Structuring Advisor
Hotel Palace
July 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked RCF
EUR 2,500,000,000
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Glogal Coordinator, Bookrun-
ner & MLA Arranger
January 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked Facilities
EUR 2,500,000,000
October 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked RCF
EUR 2,000,000,000
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Bookrunner & MLA
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Bookrunner & MLA
ItalyJuly
Project T elkes-206 MW
Solar PV and Wind Portfolio
EUR 1,100,000,000
MLA, Bookrunner, 
Green Coordinator, 
Hedge provider
SpainOctober
605MWp Solar PV Portfolio
EUR 350,000,000
MLA, Bookrunner & 
Underwriter
USADecember
Project Goshen II -
124,5 MW Wind PV Portfolio
USD 147,000,000
MLA & Bookrunner
UKJune
Open Access network 
roll-out
GBP 3,900,000,000
Underwriter, 
Bookrunner and Mandated 
Lead Arranger
SpainJuly
605MWp Solar PV Portfolio
EUR 185,000,000
T erm Loan, MLA & Green 
Structuring Advisor
Hotel Palace
July 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked RCF
EUR 2,500,000,000
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Glogal Coordinator, Bookrun-
ner & MLA Arranger
January 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked Facilities
EUR 2,500,000,000
October 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked RCF
EUR 2,000,000,000
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Bookrunner & MLA
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Bookrunner & MLA
P.  85
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
Sustainable infrastructure projects
BBVA has been particularly active in financing 
telecommunications projects, given the key role they 
play from a societal perspective as facilitators in 
accessing new technologies, digitalization and their 
contribution to economic development. T ransactions in 
Europe (City Fibre, the largest fiber finance project in the 
United Kingdom) and in the United States (“Stack-IPI, ” 
a project for the construction and operation of a data 
center) stand out.
ItalyJuly
Project T elkes-206 MW
Solar PV and Wind Portfolio
EUR 1,100,000,000
MLA, Bookrunner, 
Green Coordinator, 
Hedge provider
SpainOctober
605MWp Solar PV Portfolio
EUR 350,000,000
MLA, Bookrunner & 
Underwriter
USADecember
Project Goshen II -
124,5 MW Wind PV Portfolio
USD 147,000,000
MLA & Bookrunner
UKJune
Open Access network 
roll-out
GBP 3,900,000,000
Underwriter, 
Bookrunner and Mandated 
Lead Arranger
SpainJuly
605MWp Solar PV Portfolio
EUR 185,000,000
T erm Loan, MLA & Green 
Structuring Advisor
Hotel Palace
July 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked RCF
EUR 2,500,000,000
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Glogal Coordinator, Bookrun-
ner & MLA Arranger
January 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked Facilities
EUR 2,500,000,000
October 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked RCF
EUR 2,000,000,000
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Bookrunner & MLA
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Bookrunner & MLA
Real Estate
BBVA’s leadership in this sector also stands out, having 
actively participated in more than 25 social housing 
projects in Mexico, Peru and Colombia, as well as 
leading transactions such as the “Palace Hotel” in 
Madrid, where BBVA acted as Green Structuring Advisor, 
signed in July in Spain.
ItalyJuly
Project T elkes-206 MW
Solar PV and Wind Portfolio
EUR 1,100,000,000
MLA, Bookrunner, 
Green Coordinator, 
Hedge provider
SpainOctober
605MWp Solar PV Portfolio
EUR 350,000,000
MLA, Bookrunner & 
Underwriter
USADecember
Project Goshen II -
124,5 MW Wind PV Portfolio
USD 147,000,000
MLA & Bookrunner
UKJune
Open Access network 
roll-out
GBP 3,900,000,000
Underwriter, 
Bookrunner and Mandated 
Lead Arranger
SpainJuly
605MWp Solar PV Portfolio
EUR 185,000,000
T erm Loan, MLA & Green 
Structuring Advisor
Hotel Palace
July 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked RCF
EUR 2,500,000,000
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Glogal Coordinator, Bookrun-
ner & MLA Arranger
January 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked Facilities
EUR 2,500,000,000
October 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked RCF
EUR 2,000,000,000
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Bookrunner & MLA
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Bookrunner & MLA
Other loans different from Project 
Finance plus transactional banking 
activity
In 2022, in the area of sustainability-linked 
corporate lending, the Bank globally mobilized 
€14.06bn in financing transactions linked to 
the achievement of certain environmental 
and social indicators (KPI-linked) and to the 
customer’s ESG rating (ESG-linked).
BBVA continues working to offer innovative 
solutions to its customers and has launched a 
new financing linked to KPIs specifically related 
to water that focuses on reducing the water 
footprint of our customers (Water Footprint 
Loan) which has already been formalized 
with two of them, in Spain and Italy. This loan 
is of special interest to companies that make 
intensive use of water in their production 
process, such as those operating in the energy 
sector, among others. 
ItalyJuly
Project T elkes-206 MW
Solar PV and Wind Portfolio
EUR 1,100,000,000
MLA, Bookrunner, 
Green Coordinator, 
Hedge provider
SpainOctober
605MWp Solar PV Portfolio
EUR 350,000,000
MLA, Bookrunner & 
Underwriter
USADecember
Project Goshen II -
124,5 MW Wind PV Portfolio
USD 147,000,000
MLA & Bookrunner
UKJune
Open Access network 
roll-out
GBP 3,900,000,000
Underwriter, 
Bookrunner and Mandated 
Lead Arranger
SpainJuly
605MWp Solar PV Portfolio
EUR 185,000,000
T erm Loan, MLA & Green 
Structuring Advisor
Hotel Palace
July 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked RCF
EUR 2,500,000,000
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Glogal Coordinator, Bookrun-
ner & MLA Arranger
January 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked Facilities
EUR 2,500,000,000
October 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked RCF
EUR 2,000,000,000
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Bookrunner & MLA
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Bookrunner & MLA
P.  86
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
In Spain, 
BBVA has taken on the role of sustainable 
lead in several key deals.
Company Description
Cellnex € 2.5 bn in financing linked to the client’s 
sustainability framework, making it one of the 
first Spanish companies to link its syndicated 
bank financing to its global sustainability 
framework.
ItalyJuly
Project T elkes-206 MW
Solar PV and Wind Portfolio
EUR 1,100,000,000
MLA, Bookrunner,
Green Coordinator,
Hedge provider
SpainOctober
605MWp Solar PV Portfolio
EUR 350,000,000
MLA, Bookrunner & 
Underwriter
USADecember
Project Goshen II -
124,5 MW Wind PV Portfolio
USD 147,000,000
MLA & Bookrunner
UKJune
Open Access network 
roll-out
GBP 3,900,000,000
Underwriter,
Bookrunner and Mandated 
Lead Arranger
SpainJuly
605MWp Solar PV Portfolio
EUR 185,000,000
T erm Loan, MLA & Green 
Structuring Advisor
Hotel Palace
July 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked RCF
EUR 2,500,000,000
Sustainable Coordinator,
Glogal Coordinator, Bookrun-
ner & MLA Arranger
January 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked Facilities
EUR 2,500,000,000
October 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked RCF
EUR 2,000,000,000
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Bookrunner & MLA
Sustainable Coordinator,
Bookrunner & MLA
Cepsa Pioneering Oil & Gas company in signing a 
KPI-linked deal in Spain. This is a KPI-linked 
deal in the form of a revolving credit facility in 
the amount of €2bn linked to the performance 
of environmental and social sustainability 
indicators.
ItalyJuly
Project T elkes-206 MW
Solar PV and Wind Portfolio
EUR 1,100,000,000
MLA, Bookrunner,
Green Coordinator,
Hedge provider
SpainOctober
605MWp Solar PV Portfolio
EUR 350,000,000
MLA, Bookrunner & 
Underwriter
USADecember
Project Goshen II -
124,5 MW Wind PV Portfolio
USD 147,000,000
MLA & Bookrunner
UKJune
Open Access network 
roll-out
GBP 3,900,000,000
Underwriter,
Bookrunner and Mandated 
Lead Arranger
SpainJuly
605MWp Solar PV Portfolio
EUR 185,000,000
T erm Loan, MLA & Green 
Structuring Advisor
Hotel Palace
July 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked RCF
EUR 2,500,000,000
Sustainable Coordinator,
Glogal Coordinator, Bookrun-
ner & MLA Arranger
January 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked Facilities
EUR 2,500,000,000
October 2022
Syndicated Sustainable 
KPI-linked RCF
EUR 2,000,000,000
Sustainable Coordinator,
Bookrunner & MLA
Sustainable Coordinator, 
Bookrunner & MLA
P.  87
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
Outside Spain,
BBVA has spearheaded several landmark 
operations, including a number of the main 
syndicated finance deals in Germany, the 
UK, Italy, the US, Mexico, Peru and Colombia. 
The Group continues to work on formats 
that seek to drive positive sustainability 
behaviors from its customers, in line with the 
goals of the Paris Agreement..
This has contributed to making BBVA 
one of the leading entities, as sustainable 
coordinator for the sixth consecutive year, 
positioning itself as the leading Spanish bank 
both in number of sustainable coordination 
mandates and in volume, where operations 
stand out significant in various sectors23.
In the transactional banking, area, BBVA has 
participated in transactions for an amount of 
€8.85bn, issued under its “CIB Sustainable 
Products Framework”, which is available on 
the bank’s corporate website. In addition, it 
23. Refinitiv: Corporate finance and project finance at global level in 
euros.
continues to innovate with solutions for its 
customers that seek to drive improvement 
in aspects related to sustainability, such 
as, for example, reverse factoring linked 
to sustainability, based on a service of 
assessment and classification of its suppliers 
based on sustainability criteria, which allows it 
to offer better discount prices to suppliers that 
have a higher score in relation to these criteria, 
in addition to being able to support customers 
in the reduction of their Scope 3 emissions.
In this line, the signing of a circular reverse 
factoring solution with the customer ENDESA 
stands out, with the aim of improving the 
competitiveness of supplier companies, 
while rewarding good sustainable practices. 
The areas in which circular economy actions 
can be accredited are energy management, 
emission reduction, waste recovery, water 
management and implementation of business 
strategies for environmental management and 
circular economy.
Bonds in which BBVA acts as 
bookrunner
During 2022, BBVA acted as bookrunner in 
bond issuances:
Bookrunner:
Amount intermediated
(in Billion €)
Green bonds
 3.24
Social bonds
 0.419
Sustainable bonds24
 2.49
Bonds linked to 
sustainable indicators
1.71
TOTAL 7. 8 6
24. Includes both climate action and an inclusive growth
P.  88
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
#BBVA 
has led the intermediation of 
green, social and sustainable 
bond issues, as well as KPI-linked 
bond issues in the United States, 
Mexico, Latin America, Asia and 
Europe, including Spain, where the 
activity of European customers in 
2022 stands out:
GREEN BONDS  
 France
Prologis International and La Banque Postale
 Germany
Volkswagen
 Italy
Hera y A2A
 Ireland
ESB
 Spain
Acciona Energía, Unicaja and Iberdrola
 Portugal
EDP
 China
State Grid
BBVA also continues to support the 
development of the green bond market in 
Mexico, Colombia, Argentina and Asia, as 
lead arrangers of the inaugural issuance of 
bonds in these regions.
SOCIAL BONDS 
 Mexico
KOF and Banco Compartamos
 France
Caffil
 Spain
Cajamar
SUSTAINABLE BONDS 
 Mexico
The state-owned company of the Ministry of 
Finance and Public Credit, Edomexico, KOF 
and América Móvil 
 Spain
Community of Madrid, Government of 
Navarra and T elefónica
BONDS LINKED TO  
SUSTAINABLE INDICATORS 
 Francia
T eleperformance y Pernod Ricard
 México
Grupo Herdez, GCC, FEMSA y Orbia
 Italia
A2A
These actions have positioned BBVA as 
the most active bookrunner in Spain for 
sustainable bonds issued by corporates in 
euros by volume, and 18th worldwide25.
25. Source: Bloomberg. Corporates in euros.
P.  89
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
Sustainable solutions 
for retail customers
In 2022, BBVA continued to develop tools 
and solutions based on data that help retail 
customers to estimate their CO2 emissions, 
in addition to continuing to promote different 
financing and investment products that help 
them in this transition to a more sustainable 
economy, adapting to the situation in each 
of the geographical areas in which the Group 
operates. 
In 2022, BBVA mobilized €5.97bn in 
sustainable business in the retail segment: 
€1.469bn in climate change and €4.401bn in 
inclusive growth. 
During 2022, 
BBVA mobilized a total of €5.97bn
€2.921bn €0.081bn
€0.121bn
€0.05bn
€1.466bn
€0.767bn
€0.564bn
BBVA 
Microfinance 
Fondations
Figures in billions of euros
Sustainable solutions related 
to energy efficiency and 
decarbonization
BBVA is working on making available 
to retail customers various products, 
both investment and financing products, 
which seek to promote positive behavior 
in sustainability matters, adapting to the 
situation of the geographical areas in 
which the Group operates. Thus, the offer 
of sustainable solutions in the different 
countries aims, among other things, 
to support energy efficiency and the 
decarbonization of the economy, with 
products such as:
Loans for the purchase of hybrid and 
electric vehicles
Green mortgages for homes with high 
energy ratings
Loans for the improvement of 
energy efficiency in housing and self-
consumption
In 2021, BBVA in Spain was already providing 
its individual customers with sustainable 
formats for most of the products it sells. In 
2022, products were incorporated globally 
and, in the main geographical areas where 
BBVA is present, sustainable alternatives are 
offered, at least for the financing of hybrid 
and electric vehicles and mortgages for 
homes with high energy ratings (except in 
Argentina).
In relation to energy efficiency in homes, 
BBVA has carried out two types of actions: 
firstly, to facilitate financing at the point of 
sale through alliances with retail chains in 
Mexico, Argentina and Colombia for the 
purchase of energy efficient appliances 
and, secondly, to facilitate financing for the 
purchase and installation of solar panels (in 
the case of Spain, during 2022, this has been 
promoted through an alliance with a large 
company in the country’s energy sector).
P.  90
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
In relation to SMEs, plans have been 
launched to promote mobility and energy 
efficiency, highlighting the performance of 
these lines of financing in Colombia, where 
vehicles, solar panels and sustainable 
agriculture projects, among others, are 
financed. In Mexico, a product was created 
for SME finance with different conditions 
depending on the sustainable purpose of the 
finance.
In this way, in 2022, BBVA has channeled 
a total of €1.47bn in sustainable solutions 
in the retail area, mainly focused on the 
following four main lines: €199m for the 
purchase of hybrid and electric vehicles, 
€870m in green mortgages, €60m in 
energy efficiency measures in homes, 
such as the purchase of energy-efficient 
equipment or home refurbishment, and 
€151m in financing for the purchase and 
installation of solar panels.
Hybrid and electric vehicles
Energy efficiency measures in homes
Self-consumption
The green mortgage
€199m
€60m
€151m
€870m
During 2022 BBVA  
channeled a total of: €1.47bn
x2 Mexico
x18 Argentina
x30 Spain
x4 Colombia
x4 T urkey
x5 Peru
Financing for 2022 
has multiplied compared to 2021
P.  91
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
Sustainable investment 
solutions
In 2022, BBVA Asset Management 
(BBVA AM), the Group’s investment 
management unit that brings together all 
asset management activities worldwide, 
continued with its sustainability integration 
plan. The plan took specific form, among 
others, in the following developments:
 INCORPORATION OF THE ESG EXTRA-
FINANCIAL CRITERIA in the process of 
investment and risk control decision-
making for vehicles and portfolios they 
manage, both in the investment process 
and voting policy. Once this model was 
developed for assets under management 
in Europe, during 2022 BBVA AM worked 
towards its incorporation into assets 
under management in Mexico. 
 
ESG
Environmental
Risk
Governance
Risk
Social
Risk
 Commitment to sustainable investment 
best practices such as ADHERENCE TO 
THE PRINCIPLES FOR RESPONSIBLE 
INVESTMENT PROMOTED BY THE 
UNITED NATIONS AND THE NET ZERO 
ASSET MANAGERS COMMITMENT 
to reach 2050 with net zero emission 
portfolios. In 2022, regarding the latter 
commitment, BBVA AM announced 
some initial targets for decarbonization of 
portfolios, including 22% of total assets 
under management, with the following 
intermediate targets for 2030:
· reduction of 50% of emissions in the 
equity and corporate fixed-income 
portfolio, and 
· improved CCPI (Climate Change 
Performance Index) for eurozone 
sovereign debt. The CCPI is an index 
that annually monitors climate 
protection performance by country.
 EXCLUSION POLICIES. An exclusions 
rule was approved for the entire BBVA AM 
business that includes:
· Exclusion of companies in breach of 
international standards and treaties 
related to good practices in labor rights, 
human rights and anti-corruption 
policies, 
· Exclusions of certain activities, such as 
controversial armament, coal, and oil & 
gas linked to tar sands and the Arctic, 
and 
· Additional sectoral exclusions for 
sustainable products.
This policy already applies to all assets under 
management in Europe and Mexico.
P.  92
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
During 2022, BBVA AM continued to expand 
its offering of sustainable products, i.e. 
products that follow sustainability targets or 
metrics in their investment policy. BBVA AM 
now markets 9 new investment funds (8 in 
Spain, 1 in Mexico), bringing the total number 
of investment vehicles using sustainability 
targets and metrics to 33. Assets under 
management in sustainable solutions at 
the end of 2022 amounted to €7 ,020m 
(€5,598m in 2021), and net acquisition of 
new funds was €976m (€1,559m in 2021).
In the retail banking segment, it is worth 
noting that €3,133m correspond to funds 
that promote ESG characteristics, that 108 
million euros correspond to funds with a 
sustainable investment objective and that 
2,593 million euros correspond to pension 
plans that promote ESG characteristics.
The assets managed under the criteria 
described above at year-end 2022 and 2021 
are shown below:
TABLE 10. Assets Under Management  
 (BB VA AM. Millions of euros)
2022 2021
TOTAL 124,601 119,307
Europe 74,599 80,981
Mexico 35,614 30,179
South America 7 ,384 4,252
T urkey 7 ,005 3,895
SRI strategy applied
  Exclusion1 110,213 119,307
  Vote2 110,213 111,160
  Integration3 110,213 80,981
(1) The exclusion strategy, with the exclusion policy approved in 2021, 
applies to assets managed in Europe and Mexico.
(2) The voting strategy is applied to 100% of the assets under 
management in Europe for those instruments, in BBVA AM portfolios, 
that generate voting rights and their issuers are in the European and 
US geographical areas and in the business of AM México for those 
issuers that generate voting rights and their issuers are in the Mexican 
geographic area.
(3) The integration strategy is applied in SRI pension plans and mutual 
funds of the Europe business and, since 2022, AM Mexico.
During 2022, a standout was the work 
carried out to expand and adapt the offer 
of sustainable products in Spain to the 
evolution of the regulation, so as to have 
an offer that covers a wide range of assets, 
risk profiles and vehicles available to our 
customers.
Also noteworthy is the launch in Mexico of 
the industry’s first ETF to replicate an index 
that incorporates ESG criteria along with 
smart beta criteria. T o this end, a change was 
made to the index of the Mextrac Mexican 
equity ETF, working with the index provider 
to incorporate sustainability criteria in its 
construction and attracting new customers. 
P.  93
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
Circular economy
BBVA is committed to using recycled 
material for its cards. The Aqua card has 
been launched in Spain in its credit, debit 
and prepaid modalities, manufactured 
100% with recycled PVC (polyvinyl chloride) 
plastic, thus reducing the amount of new 
natural resources that have to be used for 
its manufacture. In addition, the Aqua card 
offers the possibility of not issuing a physical 
card at all.
In this line, BBVA in the main geographies in 
which it is present, also offers sustainable 
cards with 85.5% recycled PVC plastic for 
customers who renew a Visa International 
and Visa Gold credit card, with the idea of 
gradually extending this concept to all BBVA 
credit and debit cards. 
P.  94
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
Management of 
direct environmental 
impacts
BBVA has a clear commitment to both 
society and the environment. The global 
strategy of the reduction of direct impacts is 
organized around four core elements: 
1
Reduction in consumption through the energy eﬃciency initiatives
Use of renewable energy
2
Awareness and involvement of employees and other stakeholders in the 
path toward a low-carbon economy; and
3
Compensation of its environmental footprint in scope 1, 2 and part of scope 3 
(category 5 waste, category 6 emissions from business trips and category 7 
displacements of employees of central services that represent 35.8% of the total 
number of employees object of the report)I through the purchase of project 
credits from the Voluntary Carbon Market to comply with the commitment 
acquired in 2021 to be a carbon-neutral company by 2050.
I. Reported Scope 3 emissions do not include the following categories de/f_ined in the GHG Protocol: Category 1 purchase of goods and services; 
Category 2 capital goods; Category 3 fuel and energy-related activities (not included in scope 1 or 2); Category 4 upstream transportation and 
distribution; Category 7 transportation of network workers (accounting for 64.2% of the total reported); Category 8 upstream leased assets; Category 
9 transportation and distribution; Category 10 processing of products sold; Category 11 use of products sold; Category 12 end-of-life treatment of 
products sold; Category 13 downstream leased assets; Category 14 franchises; Category 15 investments. For information on Category 15 Investments, 
see the section “Management of risks associated with climate change” . The scopes excluded to date could be material.
4
Group eco-efficiency plan 
2021-2025
In its objective of reducing environmental 
impacts, BBVA, within the framework of 
the 2025 Goal, will recommend, on the one 
hand, a 68% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 
CO2 emissions compared to 2015 and, on 
the other hand, a consumption of 70% of 
electricity from renewable sources in 2025, 
reaching 100% in 2030. In line with the latter 
objective, BBVA has been a member since 
2018 of the RE100 initiative, through which 
the world’s most influential companies 
commit to making their energy 100% 
renewable by 2050. For its part, on the other 
hand, BBVA continues to make progress 
towards reaching 100% by 2030.
In 2021, BBVA established a new Global Eco-
efficiency Plan for the period 2021-2025, 
setting more ambitious targets, aligned with 
its climate strategy, focused on reducing 
direct impacts and achieving the 2025 Goal:
P.  95
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04 / METRICS AND GOALS
TABLE 11. Goal 2025 and global eco-efficiency plan 2021-2025 (BBVA Group)
Vector Indicators Goal 
target*
GEP 
target**
  Consumptions
Renewable electricity (%) 70 % 77 %
Electricity consumption per employee (MWh/Employee) (10) %
Energy consumption per employee (MWh/Employee) (7) %
Water consumption per employee (m3/Employee) (11) %
Paper consumption per employee (kg/Employee) (11) %
  Circular economy Net waste per employee (t/Employee) (4) %
   Carbon footprint Scope 1&2 carbon emissions (tCO2e) (68) % (67) %
    Sustainable building Environmentally certified area (%) 45 %
* Base year 2015.
** (2) Base year 2019. For the 2021-2025 Eco-efficiency Plan, 2019 is taken as the base, since the consumption values for 2020 are distorted due to the effect of the 
COVID-19 pandemic.
 
This plan is based on four lines of 
action:
1. CONSUMPTION
With the aim of reducing BBVA’s 
environmental footprint26, the following lines 
of actions will be implemented:
26. Certain geographical areas (Venezuela, Chile, Bolivia, Switzerland, 
the United States, Brazil and BBVA branches outside Spain) and certain 
BBVA Group companies in Spain and T urkey, which represent 8.2% of the 
BBVA Group’s total number of employees, are not included in the scope.
 ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION:  BBVA’s 
strategy is focused on the use of 
renewable energy as a key lever to 
contribute to the decarbonization of 
the energy markets where the Group 
is present. The strategy consists of 
reaching Power Purchase Agreements, 
such as those already in place in 
Mexico, Spain and Argentina, and 
acquiring renewable energy certificates, 
such as Guarantees of Origin in Spain 
and Portugal, or international renewable 
energy certifications (iRECs) in Mexico, 
Colombia, Peru and T urkey. There 
will also be a commitment to self-
generation of renewable energy by the 
installation of solar photovoltaic and 
solar thermal panels in the Group’s 
facilities, as is already happening in 
a number of subsidiaries in T urkey, 
Uruguay and Spain.
 Implementation of ENERGY SAVING 
MEASURES (ESMs) for the operation 
of buildings, to control and reduce 
consumption.
 Initiatives for THE REDUCTION OF 
WATER CONSUMPTION, such as gray 
water recycling systems and rainwater 
recirculation for irrigation in the 
headquarters of Spain and Mexico, and 
the installation of waterless urinals in 
some of the buildings in Spain.
 Finally, there are measures for the 
digitalization and centralization 
of printing TO REDUCE THE 
CONSUMPTION OF PAPER,  which 
is also recycled or environmentally 
certified in most of the geographical 
areas (Argentina, Colombia, Spain, 
Mexico, Peru, T urkey and Portugal) by 
79.2% in 2022.
P.  96
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
2. CIRCULAR ECONOMY
Waste generation is becoming a serious 
problem at global level, so part of BBVA’s 
contribution to sustainable development 
must consist in transitioning linear 
consumption practices to circular 
consumption. BBVA has been working for 
many years to reduce this impact through 
sustainable construction standards and 
the implementation of ISO 14001-certified 
Environmental Management Systems. 
It has also implemented Aenor’s Zero 
Waste certification in Ciudad BBVA, 
BBVA’s headquarters in Spain. The goal is 
to minimize the amount of waste sent to 
landfills. The Bank’s facilities have clearly 
differentiated and marked areas that enable 
to carry out a proper sorting and subsequent 
recycling of waste. 
TABLE 12. Waste (circular economy)
2022 2021
Hazardous waste (tons) 440 120
Recycled hazardous waste (tons) 293 58
Disposed hazardous waste (tons) 147 62
Non-hazardous waste (tons) 4,129 4,251
Recycled non-hazardous waste (tons) 1,410 2,207
Disposed non-hazardous waste (tons) 2,719 2,044
 
The increase in hazardous waste generation 
in 2022 is due to the replacement of facility 
components at the end of their useful life. 
This equipment replacement is necessary 
to ensure the continuity of the facilities. 
Throughout 2022, initiatives have been 
established to reduce disposable single-use 
plastics, so the value is not reported as it is 
negligible.
3. CARBON FOOTPRINT
The reduction of the carbon footprint is one 
of the goals established within the Goal 2025. 
BBVA’s total emissions are composed of:
 SCOPE 1 GREENHOUSE GAS 
EMISSIONS, comprising DIRECT 
EMISSIONS from own-use property 
combustion facilities, vehicle fleet fuels 
and refrigerant gases.
 SCOPE 2 GREENHOUSE GAS 
EMISSIONS, including INDIRECT 
EMISSIONS related to the production of 
electricity purchased for and consumed 
by buildings and branches.
 SCOPE 3 GREENHOUSE GAS 
EMISSIONS, which INCLUDE OTHER 
INDIRECT EMISSIONS At BBVA, this 
scope includes emissions from business 
travel (by plane and train), emissions 
from waste management and emissions 
from the commuting of employees from 
central services to the work center. 
P.  97
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
Both Scope 1 and 2 emissions and Scope 3 
emissions are calculated taking into account 
the GHG Protocol standard established by 
the World Resources Institute (WRI) and 
the World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development (WBCSD).
BBVA is a neutral company in terms of CO2 
emissions related to the aforementioned 
categories and offsets its carbon emissions 
through the purchase of credits in the 
Voluntary Carbon Market. Moreover, in line 
with the recommendations of the T askforce 
on Scaling Voluntary Carbon Markets, 
BBVA has established requirements for 
the selection of projects with which to 
offset its residual emissions. Among these 
requirements are the obligation for projects 
to be certified under the maximum quality 
standards such as the Verra Verified Carbon 
Standard (VCS) and the Gold Standard, 
American Carbon Registry (ARC), Climate 
Action Reserve (CAR) and Plan Vivo; and 
that preferably are CO2 absorption or 
capture projects. The projects selected in 
2022 have been 4 reforestation/afforestation 
projects (Carbioin, Scolette, Cumare, 
Guarané) and 2 wind farms (Manantiales 
Wind Farm and Rotor Elektrik).
4. SUSTAINABLE CONSTRUCTION
Another of the objectives is to guarantee the 
implementation of the best environmental 
and energy standards in BBVA buildings 
to achieve a large percentage of 
environmentally certified surface area. 
In fact, the BBVA facilities hold a number 
of construction and management 
certifications.
Among the construction certifications, there 
are 16 buildings and 10 Group branches with 
the prestigious LEED (Leadership in Energy 
and Environmental Design) certificate for 
sustainable construction. These buildings 
include the Group’s headquarters in Spain, 
Mexico, Argentina and T urkey. Three of them 
have also received the highest certification, 
LEED Platinum. We also hold 7 WWF Green 
Office labels in T urkey and 20 Edge badges 
in Peru. These certifications promote the 
reduction of our environmental footprint and 
carbon emissions.
With respect to management certifications, 
BBVA has implemented an Environmental 
Management System in many of its 
buildings, based on the ISO 14.001:2015 
standard, which is certified every year by 
an independent entity. This certification is 
used to control and evaluate environmental 
performance in the operations of some of 
its buildings. This system is implemented 
in 86 buildings and 1,022 branches in the 
main countries where the Group operates. 
In 2022, BBVA Mexico expanded its area 
certified under this management system 
to four new buildings (42,260 sq m). 
Finally, three of the buildings in Spain, 
the BBVA Argentina headquarters and 
ten branches in that country also have an 
Energy Management System certified by an 
independent third party that meets the ISO 
50.001:2018 standard.
P.  98
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
TABLE 13. Evolution of the global eco-efficiency plan indicators (BBVA Group)1
Values 2022 Achievement  
2022 (∆ 22-19)2
Objective 
PGE 22-19
Objective 
PGE 25-19
Renewable electricity (%) 92% 92 % 74 % 77 %
Electricity consumption per employee (MWh/Employee)3 5.74 (14) % (6) % (10,0) %
Energy consumption per employee (MWh/Employee)4 6.30 (16) % (5) % (7) %
Water consumption per employee (m3/Employee) 16.58 (12) % (2) % (11) %
Paper consumption per employee (kg/Employee) 34.05 (31) % (9) % (11) %
Net waste per employee (t/Employee)5 0.03 (8) % (2) % (4) %
Scope 1&2 carbon emissions (tCO2e)6 52,966.20 (79) % (62) % (67) %
Environmentally certified area (%)7 44 % 44 % 41 % 45 %
 
(1) Data for the last months of 2022 have been estimated due to the non-receipt of media.
(2) Achievement in the year 2022 with respect to the base year 2019. The achievement of the renewable electricity and environmentally certified area indicators is the % 
resulting in 2022.
(3) Includes the sum of renewable and non-renewable electricity (per employee).
(4) Includes the consumption of electricity and fossil fuels (natural gas, Liquified Petroleum Gas -LPG-, diesel, coal).
(5) Net waste is the total waste generated minus the waste that is recycled. T o obtain the 2022 achievement, the reference data for 2019 of net waste has been restated, 
including the estimate of recycled waste, since its measurement was not incorporated until 2020.
(6) Includes scope 1 (fuels in installations and vehicle fleet and refrigerant gases), scope 2 market-based. The reference data for 2015 and 2019 of Scope 1 emissions has been 
restated, including the estimation of Refrigerant Gas emissions and Fleet fuels as its measurement was incorporated in 2021.
(7) Includes IS0 14001, ISO 50001, LEED, Edge and WWF Green Office certifications.
 
The Group’s environmental footprint shows 
positive data with respect to the base year 
2019, exceeding in all areas the objectives 
defined for this moment, with reductions of 
(79)% in Scope 1 and 2 emissions (according 
to the market-based method), (14)% in 
electricity consumption, (16)% in energy 
consumption, (12)% in water consumption, 
(31)% in paper and (8)% in net waste (all data 
points are per employee). The percentage 
of renewable electricity consumption has 
reached 92%, and the environmentally 
certified area was 44%.
Goal 2015-202527
33%
/emdash.salt_em%
39%
(13)%
(41)%
(67)%
(48)%
(81)%
79%
66% 67% 70%
(68)%
92%
2015 2019 2021 2022 2025
% of Renewable Electricity
Objective Renewable Electricity Goal (15-25)
Objective Goal Rediction of CO 2  emissions Scope 1+2 (15-25)
% Reduction of CO 2  emissions Scope 1+2 compared to 2015
Environmental performance 2022
BBVA’s environmental performance data 
obtained in 2022 and the progress achieved 
with respect to 2021 are shown in the 
following table:
27 . In order to establish the objectives of achieving the Goal 2015-2025, 
the consumption data for 2015 are taken as a reference. The reference 
data for 2015 and 2019 of Scope 1 emissions has been restated, including 
the estimation of Refrigerant Gas emissions and Fleet fuels as its 
measurement was incorporated in 2021..
P.  99
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
TABLE 14. Environmental footprint (BBVA Group)I
2022 2021VIII ∆ 22-21
 
CONSUMPTION
T otal water consumption (cubic meters) 1,809,571 1,934,769 (6.5) %
Public water supply (cubic meters) 1,727 ,582 1,882,391 (8.2) %
Recycled water (cubic meters) 81,989 52,377 57 %
Paper (tons) 3,718 3,640 2 %
T otal Energy (Megawatt hour)II 688,158 707 ,920 (2.8) %
Energy from renewable sources (%) 83.9 % 71.3 % 18 %
Energy from non renewable sources (%) 16.1 % 28.7 % (44) %
 
CARBON 
FOOTPRINT
Scope 1 emissions (t CO2e)III 41,395 51,038 (19) %
Emissions from fuels in facilities (t CO2e) 11,783 14,799 (20.4) %
Emissions from vehicle fleet fuels (t CO2e) 10,163 8,546 19 %
Emissions from refrigerant gases (t CO2e) 19,450 27 ,693 (30) %
Scope 2 emissions (tons CO2e) market-based methodIV 11,571 42,152 (73) %
Scope 2 emissions (tons CO2e) location-based methodV 199,183 204,977 (3) %
Scope 1&2 emissions (tons CO2e) market-based method 52,967 93,190 (43) %
Scope 1&2 emissions (tons CO2e) location-based method 240,578 256,016 (6) %
Scope 3 emissions (t CO2e)VI 3 7,0 2 6 4,254 770 %
Emissions from waste management (t CO2e) 1,367 1,116 22 %
Recycled hazardous waste (%) 66.0 % 48.0 % 18.0 %
Recycled non-hazardous waste (%) 34.0 % 52.0 % (18.0) %
Donated IT equipment (units) 1,154 1,225 (6) %
Emissions from business travel (t CO2e) 14,568 3,138 364 %
Emissions from employees commuting (t CO2e) 21,091 5,325 296 %
T otal CO2e emissions (t CO2e) market-based method 89,992 97 .444 (8) %
T otal CO2e emissions (t CO2e) location-based method 277 ,604 260,269 7 %
Impact of emissions (Scope 1&2) (€)VII 2,434,718 4,096,258 n.a.
Given the business activities in which the BBVA Group 
engages, the Group has no environmental liabilities, 
expenses, assets, provisions or contingencies that are 
significant in relation to its equity, financial position 
and earnings. As such, as of December 31, 2022, the 
accompanying consolidated Annual Accounts do 
not include any item that warrants inclusion in the 
environmental information document provided for in 
Order JUS/616/2022, of June 30, approving a new 
template for filing the Consolidated Annual Accounts at 
the Companies Register for those entities obligated to 
disclose such information.
n.a.: not available
I. The data reflected here includes the countries Argentina, Colombia, Spain and Portugal, 
Mexico, Peru, T urkey and Uruguay. Certain geographical areas are not included in the perimeter 
(Venezuela, Chile, Bolivia, Switzerland, the United States, Brazil and BBVA branches outside 
Spain) or certain BBVA Group companies in Spain and T urkey, which represent 8.2% of the total 
employees of the BBVA Group. Some of the data for 2022 is estimated since at the end of the 
report the complete information for the year was not yet available.
II. Includes the consumption of electricity and fossil fuels (diesel, natural gas and LP gas), 
except fuels consumed in fleets.
III.  Emissions derived from direct energy consumption (fossil fuels) and calculated based 
on the emission factors of 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories. 
For its conversion to CO2e, the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report and the IEA have been used as 
sources. As of 2021, the emissions derived from the use of the vehicle fleet and from refrigerant 
gas leaks in our facilities were included in this scope, applying the DEFRA emission factors to 
calculate CO2e emissions in all geographical areas, including T urkey.
IV. Emissions derived from electricity consumption and calculated based on the contractual 
data and, failing that, the latest emission factors available from the IEA for each country.
V. Emissions derived from electricity consumption and calculated based on the energy mix of each 
geographical area. The emission factors are the latest available according to IEA for each country.
VI. Indirect emissions derived from business trips (plane and train), waste management and 
employee travel, using the emission factors published by DEFRA in 2022. Substantial increase 
in 2022 compared to 2021 due to the elimination of travel restrictions of business after the 
pandemic and the return of employees to the workplace in a hybrid model. For the commuting 
emissions of our employees, only Commuting commutes by Central Services employees have 
been taken into account, incorporating in 2022 the data from T urkey (2,320 tons CO2e), which 
in 2021 were not included for this category.
VII. The impact of greenhouse gas emissions for 2022 is calculated using only Scope 1 and 2 
emissions and using the CO2 social cost factor based on a proportional estimate of the 2020 
EPA social cost of carbon ($51/tCO2) and for 2025 ($56/tCO2), (3% discount rate, with an 
exchange rate of €1,153/$).
VIII. The data for 2021 differs from that published in the previous Non-Financial Information 
Report because the estimates included at the end of the 2021 financial year have been replaced 
by the actual consumption available after the publication of said report and certain values have 
been modified according to to the corrected data.
P.  100
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
Management of 
indirect environmental 
social impacts
BBVA addresses environmental, natural 
capital and social risks from the perspective 
of impact prevention and mitigation. T o do 
this, it uses tools such as its Environmental 
and Social Framework or the Equator 
Principles, which have an environmental and 
social focus.
Environmental and social 
framework
In 2020, the Environmental and Social 
Framework for the mining, agribusiness, 
energy, infrastructure and defense sectors 
(hereinafter the Framework) was approved.
The Framework, which is reviewed annually, 
provides a series of rules and exclusions in 
relation to transactions and clients operating 
in these five sectors, as they are considered 
to have a greater social and environmental 
impact. The Framework is public and 
available on the BBVA shareholders and 
investors website. 
T o carry out its effective implementation, 
BBVA receives advice from an independent 
external expert who performs due diligence 
on the clients covered by the Framework in 
order to mitigate the risks associated with 
these sectors.
For the annual Framework review, new 
market trends, the expectations of 
stakeholders and the strengthening of the 
implementation procedures are considered. 
In the last review, dated October 202228, the 
main new features were as follows:
 Elimination of exceptions to coal bans for 
countries with high energy dependence 
and no viable alternatives.
 New restriction in the energy sector, 
with a prohibition to finance “new 
projects or expansion of existing oil & 
gas exploration, drilling and extraction 
projects (conventional and non-
conventional). ”
 New restriction in the agribusiness sector, 
with the prohibition to finance “projects in 
key biodiversity areas of the International 
Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), 
the Brazilian Amazon and the Cerrado. ”
 Inclusion of new biodiversity and anti-
deforestation best practices for clients, 
such as benchmark standards. 
28. Please note that simultaneously to the publication of this report, an 
updated Environmental and Social Framework dated March 2023 has been 
published, in order to give a greater specificity to the coal phase-out target.
Equator Principles
Energy, transport and social service 
infrastructures, which drive economic 
development and create jobs, can have an 
impact on the environment and society. 
BBVA, evaluates the financing of projects to 
reduce and avoid negative impacts and, in 
this way, enhance their economic, social and 
environmental value.
All decisions to finance projects are 
based on the criterion of principle-aligned 
returns. This implies meeting stakeholder 
expectations, considering the social demand 
for the fight against climate change and 
respect for human rights.
Since 2004 BBVA has adhered to the 
Equator Principles (EP), which include 
a range of standards for managing 
environmental and social risk in project 
finance, which were developed on the basis 
of the International Finance Corporation’s 
(IFC) Policy and Performance Standards 
on Social and Environmental Sustainability 
and the World Bank’s General Guidelines on 
Environment, Health and Safety. 
The EPs apply globally to all industrial 
sectors and to five financial products under 
the terms set forth in the principles:
P.  101
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04/ METRICS AND GOALS
  Project finance advisory; 
 Project finance; 
 Project-related corporate loans; 
 Project-related bridge loans; and 
 Project-related refinancing and project-
related acquisition.
Project assessment consists of subjecting 
each transaction to an environmental and 
social due diligence process, including 
potential human rights impacts. The first 
step is the allocation of a category (A, B or 
C), which reflects the project’s level of risk. 
 CATEGORY A: projects with 
potentially significant adverse social 
or environmental impacts that are 
irreversible or unprecedented. 
 CATEGORY B: projects with potentially 
limited adverse social and environmental 
impacts that are few in number, site-
specific, reversible and readily addressed 
through mitigation measures. 
 CATEGORY C: projects with minimal or 
no social or environmental impacts. 
Reviewing the documentation provided 
by the customer and independent 
advisers is a way to assess compliance 
with the requirements established in the 
EPs, according to the project category. 
Finance agreements include the client’s 
environmental and social obligations. The 
application of the EPs at BBVA is integrated 
into the internal processes for structuring, 
acceptance and monitoring of transactions.
BBVA has due diligence procedures 
associated with the financing of projects 
whose execution affects indigenous peoples. 
When this circumstance occurs, the prior 
free and informed consent is required from 
these communities, irrespective of the 
geographic location of the project, including 
for projects in countries where a robust 
legislative system is presupposed, which 
ensures the protection of the environment 
and the social rights of its inhabitants. 
When identifying potential risks, the 
operation must include an effective form 
of management of these risks, as well as 
operational mechanisms to support claims 
management.
The data of the financed transactions that 
were analyzed under the EP criteria during 
2022 and 2021 are shown below:
Out of a total of 40 transactions considered, 
in 2022, (100% of the operations under 
the scope of the Equator Principles), 
25 transactions were signed, and 15 
transactions were rejected for reasons 
related to business and risk (credit risk 
and environmental and social risk) of the 
operations.
Of the transactions signed in 2022, 
40% corresponded to the infrastructure 
sector and 24% to the electric sector. By 
geographical area, 52% were located in 
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and 
44% in the Americas.
TABLE 15. Data of financed transactions analyzed according to the Equator Principles criteria 
CATEGORY A CATEGORY B CATEGORY C
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021
Number of transactions 4 2 12 23 9 17
T otal amount (millions of euros) 15,776.0 2,227 .6 14,280.8 10,954.5 15,937 .7 5,466.1
Amount financed by BBVA (millions of euros) 604.1 109.4 1,219.0 1,714.1 993.7 756.3
Note: In 2021, the number of financed operations analysed reached 42, including 20 analysed under the scope of the Equator Principles, and the remaining 22 were 
voluntarily analysed by BBVA under the same criteria. In 2022, only operations under the scope of application of the Equator Principles are analysed.
P.  102
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
SECTION 04 / METRICS AND GOALS
Appendix
APPENDIX 1 
Alignment of BBVA 
Group’s non-financial 
information to 
WEF-IBC and SASB 
standards
BBVA’s objective is to disclose in a 
consistent, reliable and standardized manner 
the essential aspects of ESG (environmental, 
social and governance matters) related to 
its business. Among the different existing 
standards, BBVA includes its non-financial 
information in the Non-Financial Information 
Report for the year 2022, in accordance with 
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) guide.
Additionally and voluntarily, in the last 
two year, BBVA has reported the WEF-IBC 
metrics as well as the SASB - Commercial 
Banks standards, SASB - Consumer Finance 
standards and SASB - Morgage Finance 
standards:
 WEF-IBC CORE METRICS  
BBVA was one of the first entities 
worldwide to support the Measuring 
Stakeholder Capitalism initiative of the 
International Business Council (IBC) of 
the World Economic Forum (WEF).
 WEF-IBC METRICS EXPANDED 
T ogether with the core metrics, the 
expanded metrics allow for a broader 
and more detailed scope in the value 
chain; and convey the impact in a more 
tangible way.
 SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING 
STANDARDS BOARD (SASB) 
Commercial Banks standards, Consumer 
Finance standards and Morgage Finance 
standards 
 The Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board establishes standards to guide 
companies on the disclosure of relevant 
and consistent financial information in 
terms of sustainability. With the complete 
report of these metrics, the Group’s 
management is more clearly reflected 
and identified for more accurate decision-
making by customers.
More and more companies are reporting 
their performance according to these two 
metrics and BBVA will continue to work on 
its objective of satisfying the demands of 
investors, regulators, customers and other 
interest groups; to maintain or improve its 
ESG performance.
P.  104
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
ANEXOS
APPENDIX 2 
Additional information 
on the BBVA Group’s 
sustainability 
standards and 
frameworks
Channeling sustainable 
business and T axonomy of the 
European Union (EU)
BBVA’s approach to the channeling 
of sustainable business includes the 
channeling of financial flows towards 
activities or customers considered 
sustainable under certain criteria, basically 
following the following formats:
 GENERAL PURPOSE LENDING 
 The use of the funds is allocated to 
a sustainable activity or purpose in 
accordance with:
• The EU taxonomy developed so 
far (climate change mitigation and 
adaptation objectives);
• Internal standards inspired by said 
taxonomy (or by the reports available 
on the objectives and categories not yet 
developed - environmental objectives 
other than adaptation or mitigation, 
social objectives or certain transition 
activities-) that may, additionally, 
present a certain degree of flexibility 
when applied in non-European 
geographic areas in order to reflect 
their different national circumstances 
and avoid excluding emerging markets. 
If a local taxonomy is developed locally, 
the latter will be applied;
• Other market standards such as the 
SDGs or the LMA and ICMA principles 
for green and social loans and bonds.
 GENERALIST FINANCING
 In general, linked to a series of indicators 
or KPIs related to ESG aspects, thus 
trying to encourage positive behavior in 
terms of sustainability, in accordance 
with market standards such as the 
principles for loans and bonds linked to 
sustainability of LMA and ICMA.
Sustainable activity standard
The term “transition, ” which is widely used 
when discussing the economy, specific 
sectors, financial portfolios or companies, is 
used to describe the changes in economies 
needed to meet the European Union’s 
environmental goals.
BBVA’s standard of sustainable activities 
includes, among others, activities 
considered transition activities by the 
European T axonomy, such as nuclear 
energy, the manufacture of plastics in their 
primary form, building renovation and gas-
related activities, where other transition 
activities contemplated in the T axonomy 
will be incorporated. Beyond the European 
T axonomy, other activities such as the 
extraction of strategic minerals and activities 
related to energy efficiency are considered 
under strict criteria, which can be reviewed 
over a certain time horizon. 
Declining greenhouse gas emissions 
pathways of activities that do not yet 
meet the technical selection criteria of 
the European T axonomy, but adhere to 
internationally recognized frameworks such 
as the Science Based T arget Initiative, where 
the success of the transition is assessed by 
the average emissions change over time. 
P.  105
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
ANEXOS
The same philosophy is applied to 
geographical areas where the maturity of the 
market is not comparable to more developed 
countries, therefore the same metrics are 
used, but with a time pathway to reach the 
same environmental goal.
Framework for sustainable 
bond issuance
BBVA has extensive experience in the green 
bond issuance market, an activity that began 
in 2007 when it took part in the issuance 
of the first green bond by the EIB. Since 
then, the Group has led, structured, advised 
and placed green and social bonds for its 
customers in Europe, T urkey, the United 
States, Mexico and South America.
In April 2018, BBVA published its framework 
for issuing own sustainable bonds, linked to 
the United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs). Under this framework, BBVA 
can issue three types of bonds:
 Green bonds
Debt instruments whose funds will be 
used to finance new and/or existing green 
projects;
 Social bonds
Debt instruments whose funds will be 
used to finance new and/or existing social 
projects;
 Sustainable bonds
Debt instruments whose funds will be used 
to finance new and/or existing green and 
social projects.
It is a framework aligned with the 
International Capital Market Association 
(ICMA) Green and Social Bond Principles and 
the 2018 Sustainable Bond Guide, backed by 
strong governance and strict management 
and monitoring. of net funds earned and has 
an independent verification assessment by 
an independent third party. The framework 
is public and is available on the BBVA 
shareholders and investors website.
In 2022, the new Framework for the 
issuance of sustainable debt instruments 
was published (which replaces -except 
for current issuances- the 2018 Bond 
Framework). The new Framework has been 
updated to align it with the eligibility criteria 
for the environmental and of social growth 
provided for in the internal standards of 
the Bank inspired by the EU T axonomy 
and extend it to other debt instruments 
in addition to bonds. Like the previous 
framework, it takes into account the best 
practices of the bond market, being aligned 
with the Green Bond Principles, Social Bond 
Principles and the ICMA Sustainability Bond 
Guidelines, and the possibility of adapting it 
to the future EU Green Bond Standard when 
it comes into force opens up. It also has the 
independent verification of the company 
DNV. The new Framework is public and it is 
also available on the BBVA shareholders and 
investors website.
The issuance of green and social bonds 
is part of BBVA’s climate change and 
sustainable development strategy. In the 
sustainable bonds market, the Group has 
carried out, since its inaugural issue in 
2018, eight public issues divided between 
green bonds for an amount of €4,680m and 
social bonds for an amount of €2,000m. 
BBVA publishes an annual monitoring 
report on its own green and social bonds 
issued. In 2022, BBVA published its fourth 
report, which includes the impacts of 
P.  106
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
ANEXOS
the bonds issued from 2018 to 2021 and 
is available on the BBVA shareholders 
and investors website. In relation to the 
environmental loans and projects financed 
with the green bonds issued by BBVA, 
from 2018 to December 31, 2021 a total 
of 3,666,415 tons of CO2 emissions have 
been avoided into the atmosphere, which 
is equivalent to the annual emissions of 
1,451,471 cars. Additionally, the volume of 
treated water has been equivalent to the 
annual consumption of 412,965 citizens in 
Spain. 906,864 tons of waste have been 
treated, equivalent to the waste generated 
by 2,051,729 people in one year.
In relation to the social bonus issued in 
2021, within the health subcategory, the 
bonus has enabled 1,044 beds in hospitals 
and clinics and 184 places in nursing 
homes, with up to 2,159,014 potential 
beneficiaries. In the area of education, 
53,815 students have been helped. In the 
affordable basic infrastructure section, the 
social bond has contributed to extending 
broadband telecommunications services 
to more than 200,206 facilities, 303,275 
homes and 4,975 companies. Altogether, 
814,580 people have potentially benefited. 
Likewise, more than 762,000 people have 
benefited from the funds that have been 
allocated to socioeconomic advances 
and empowerment, through financing for 
vulnerable or low-income groups. Finally, 
31 families have benefited in the category 
of affordable housing. In total, almost four 
million people have potentially benefited 
from the social destination of the funds 
raised by the BBVA bond issued in 2021.
Impacts of the green 
and social bonds 
issued by BBVA
Since 2018, the projects /f_inanced with 
the green bonds issued by BBVA have:
GREEN BONDS IMPACT
Avoided a total of
tons in CO2
3,666,415
T reated
m 3 of water
20,047,371
T reated
tons of waste
906,864
equivalent to what 
1,451,471 cars emit in 
one year(1)
equivalent to the anual water 
consumption of 412,965 
spanish citizens(2)
equivalent to the waste 
2,051,729 people in a year(3)
(1) Impact calculated based on a reference 
travel distance of 15,000 km per year by a 
typical diesel car.
(2) Impacto calculated taking as a 
reference the per capita water consumtion 
in Spain in 2018.
(3) Impact calculated taking into account per 
capita waste generation in Spain in 2021.
P.  107
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
ANEXOS
The funds received have mainly been channelled to
SMEs and MSMEs:
COVID/hyphen.uc19 SOCIAL BOND 
ISSUED IN 202: SOCIAL IMPACTS
€1 bn
enterprises13,275
employees214,497
T o enterprises that have suﬀered 
a strong or signi/f_icant impact 
due to COVID19
83 %
T o companies located in areas with 
a greater social impact
47%
Likewise, the cumulative impacts between 2020 
and 2021 of the COVID-19 bond issued in 2020 are 
detailed below:
Social Bond 
Principles Category Sub-category
Use of 
proceeds 
(Million Euros) Indicator Amount ODS
Access to 
essential services
Healthcare
Number of beds in hospitals and clinics
Number of beds in elder residences
Potential beneﬁciaries covered by the 
infrastructure or  service
Education Number of students served
Financial 
services
Aﬀordable housing Families with social housing
Socioeconomic 
advancement and 
empowerment
Financing for 
vulnerable or 
low income 
populations
Potential beneﬁciarios covered by the 
social beneﬁt
Aﬀordable basic 
infrastructure
Broadband 
communica-
tions
Number of premises connected to 
broadband
Potential beneﬁciarios covered by the 
infrastructure
Number of households connected to 
broadband
Number of enterprises connected to 
broadband
Total drawn amount
S o c i a l  i mp a c t  o f  a s s e t s  a l l o c a t e d
t o  i s s u e d  s e c o n d  s o c i a l  b o n d
358
16
137
6
368
115
1,000
1,044
184
2,159,014
53,815
31
200,206
762,787
814,580
303,275
4,975
P.  108
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
ANEXOS
CIB framework for 
sustainable products
BBVA considers that sustainable financing is 
an important strategy to help its customers 
on their path towards sustainability and to 
increase corporate responsibility. In this way, 
BBVA is committed to developing innovative 
financial solutions. The Sustainable Products 
Framework, applicable to the products of 
BBVA’s Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB) 
activity, is aligned with this strategy, with the 
SDGs and with the Paris Agreement.
 
 
 
The framework is divided into two types of 
products:
 SDG-LINKED
 SDG-linked products consist of customer 
project finance solutions that directly 
contribute to one or more SDGs. These 
projects can be considered as green, 
social or sustainable depending on the 
use of the funds.
 LINKED TO SUSTAINABILITY
 Products linked to sustainability consist 
of financial solutions that are not based 
on the use of funds and that will be 
eligible based on sustainability criteria 
defined in the Framework itself.
The framework is public and is available 
on the BBVA shareholders and investors 
website. It is certified by an independent 
third party.
P.  109
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
ANEXOS
APPENDIX 3 
TCFD Recommendations fulfillment table
TCFD Recommendations BBVA’s TCFD Report
Governance 1. Board of Directors’ oversight
2. Management’s role
Section 01: 
• Corporate bodies
• T ransversal integration of sustainability into the executive sphere
• Alignment governance
• Remuneration systems
Risk 
management
6. Organization for identifying and assessing risks
7 . Organization for managing risks
8. Integration into overall risk management
Section 03:
• Integrating climate change into risk planning
• Identification, Measurement and Integration of climate change into risk management
Section 04:
• Management of indirect environmental and social impacts
Metrics 
and goals
9. Disclose metrics & targets used
10. Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, 
Scope 3 GHG
11. Disclose targets and performance against tar-gets
Section 04:
• Alignment of metrics and goals
• Channeling sustainable business
• Management of direct environmental impacts
• Management of indirect environmental and social impacts
Strategy 3. Description of risk and opportunities
4. Impact of risk and opportunities
5. Resilience
Section 02:  
Definition of risks and opportunities associated with climate change
Section 02:  
Main advances in the execution of the strategy
Section 02:  
Resilience of the strategy against climate change risks
P.  110
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
ANEXOS
APPENDIX 4 
T ransition plan - TCFD T able of equivalence
BBVA has incorporated for the first time in this TCFD elements of a T ransition Plan following the guidelines and recommendations for financial 
institutions published by the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ) in November 2022.
Below there is a table of equivalences between both:
TABLE 16. T ransition Plan – TCFD table of equivalence
T ransition Plan TCFD P.
Foundations Objectives and priorities STRATEGY  | Main advances in the execution of the strategy 25
Implementation 
Strategy
Products and services METRICS AND GOALS   | Channeling sustainable business 72
Activities and decision making
GOVERNANCE MODEL   | T ransversal integration of sustainability into the executive sphere 19
GOVERNANCE MODEL   | Alignment Governance 19
STRATEGY  | Main advances in the execution of the strategy 25
MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE  | Identification, Measurement and Integration of climate 
change risk into risk management 51
Policies and conditions
MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE  | Integrating climate change into risk planning 51
MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE  | Identification, Measurement and Integration of climate 
change risk into risk management 51
METRICS AND GOALS   | Management of indirect environmental and social impacts 72
APPENDIX   | Appendix 2:  Additional information on the BBVA Group’s sustainability standards and frameworks 105
Engagement 
strategy
Engagement with clients and portfolio companies STRATEGY  | Engagement strategy
STRATEGY  |   Main advances in the execution of the strategy   | Participation in international initiatives
25
Engagement with to the industry 25Engagement with to the government and the public sector
Metrics and 
T argets Metrics and T argets
MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE  | Integrating climate change into risk planning 51
MANAGEMENT OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE  | Identification, Measurement and Integration of climate 
change risk into risk management 51
METRICS AND GOALS   | Alignment of metrics and goals 72
STRATEGY  | Main advances in the execution of the strategy 25
Governance
Roles, responsibilities and remuneration
GOVERNANCE MODEL   | Corporate bodies 19
GOVERNANCE MODEL   | T ransversal integration of sustainability into the executive sphere 19
GOVERNANCE MODEL   | Alignment Governance 19
GOVERNANCE MODEL   | Remuneration systems 19
Skills and culture APPENDIX   |  Appendix 5:  T raining 112
P.  111
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
ANEXOS
APPENDIX 5 
T raining
BBVA has developed a complete training 
program to ensure that its employees can 
acquire the basic knowledge to be able 
to address the strategic challenge that 
sustainability entails. Using the Campus 
BBVA training platform, and the gamification 
experience “The Camp” , two training 
itineraries are provided, basic and advanced, 
available to all employees, regardless of 
their geography and/or role. Currently, more 
than 102,000 employees have already been 
trained with these courses.
The basic training itinerary is designed to 
acquire basic knowledge about the 2030 
Agenda of the SDGs, the role of the financial 
industry and the BBVA strategy, among 
other contents. The advanced level includes 
specific content on sustainable finance.
For its part, BBVA has developed and 
delivered an ad-hoc training program 
aimed at senior management, with the aim 
of obtaining a vision of the sustainability 
ecosystem in the corporate world, new 
trends and stakeholder expectations.
Likewise, in order to provide the necessary 
skills so that the Group’s professionals can 
address sustainability from their different 
areas of activity, specialized training 
programs have been developed for bank 
managers of companies, individuals and 
SMEs; certifications in finance and risks; 
specialized courses on issues of special 
relevance (such as green hydrogen, water 
management, decarbonization and circular 
economy); as well as specialized training 
programs in collaboration with renowned 
international institutions.
Specifically, in terms of decarbonization, 
several training programs have been 
developed for bankers and risk analysts on 
portfolio alignment and in relation to the 
use of the different internal tools developed 
for the management of the Group’s 
objectives (alignment dashboard with PACTA 
methodology and T ransition Risk Indicator).
P.  112
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
ANEXOS
Glossary
2DII 2  Degree Investing Initiative
AEB  Spanish Banking Association
AFME  Association of Financial Markets in Europe
ARC  American Carbon Registry
CBB  Corporate and Business Banking 
CCPI  Climate Change Performance Index
CFLI  Climate Finance Leadership Initiative
CIB  Corporate & Investment Banking
CSA  Corporate Sustainability Assessment
DJSI  Dow Jones Sustainability Index
EAD  Exposure at Default
EAF  Electric Arc Furnaces
EBG  European Banking Group
EBRD  European Bank for Reconstruction and Development
ECB  European Central Bank
EEC  Energy Efficiency Certificates 
EFR  European Financial Services Roundtable
EFRAG  European Financial Reporting Advisory Group
EMEA  Europe, the Middle East and Africa
EP  Equator Principles
ESG  Environmental, Social & Governance
ESM  Energy saving measure
EU ETS  The European Union’s Emissions T rading Scheme
FBE  European Banking Federation
FTP  Fund T ransfer Pricing
GFANZ  Glasgow Finance Alliance for Net Zero
GRI  Global Reporting Initiative
H2-DRI  Direct Reduction of Iron with Hydrogen
HLEG  High-Level Expert Group
ICAAP  Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process
IEA  International Energy Agency
IFRS  International Financial Reporting Standard
IIF  International Institute of Finance
IUNC  International Union for Conservation of Nature
IPCC  Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
ISSB  International Sustainability Standards Board
ITS  Implementing T echnical Standards
KPI  Key Performance Indicator
MAS  Monetary Authority of Singapore
MCSC MIIT  Climate and Sustainability Consortium
P.  113
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
ANEXOS
Forward-Looking Statements 
This report contains forward-looking statements that constitute forward-forward projections within the meaning of article 27A of the Securities Act 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), article 21E of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the safeguard provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may include words such as “believe” , 
“expect” , “estimate” , “project” , “anticipate” , “duty” , “intend” , “likelihood” , “risk” , “VaR” , “purpose” , “goal” , “target” , and similar expressions or variations of those expressions, and include statements regarding future growth 
rates. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those of forward-looking statements due to various factors.
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date of this document. No obligation is assumed to make public the outcome of any revision of these forward-looking 
statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document, including but not limited to changes in the business, procurement strategy, expected capital expenditures, or to reflect 
the occurrence of unforeseen events.
MIT  Massachusetts Institute of T echnology
NACE  Nomenclature of Economic  
 Activities in the European Community
NGFS  Network for Greening the Financial System
NZBA  Net Zero Banking Alliance
PACTA  Paris Agreement Capital T ransition Assessment
PCAF  Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials
RSPO  Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil
SASB  Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 
SASG  Sustainability Alignment Steering Group
SDG  Sustainable Development Goals
SEC  Securities and Exchange Commission
SRI  Socially Responsible Investment
TAG  Thematic Advisory Group
TCFD  T ask force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
TNFD  T askforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures
UNEP-FI  United Nations Environment Program  
 for Finance Institutions
UNEP-WCMC  UN Environment Programme World  
 Conservation Monitoring Centre
UNESCO  United Nations Educational Scientific and  
 Cultural Organization
VCS  Verified Carbon Standard
WBCSD  World Business Council for Sustainable Development
WEF  World Economic Forum
WEF-IBC  World Economic Forum - International Business Council
WRI  World Resources Institute
P.  114
BBVA Report on TCFD 2022
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
ANEXOS
