 Annual Report 2022 

      
        
         
       
        
        
      
  
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 
    
   
   
     
 
 
   
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
   
     
  
   
 
   
   
   
 
            
               
                  
                 
                 
                
                  
                       
              
                  
                   
               
                
                  
                
                  
                   
                 
                      
                      
            
Introduction 
We are an international healthcare company. 
Our global footprint has grown over 75 years 
from our origins in the UK to include businesses 
in Australia, Spain, Poland, Chile, Brazil, Mexico, 
Türkiye, the Middle East, the US, Hong Kong 
SAR, New Zealand and Ireland. We also have 
associate businesses in Saudi Arabia and India. 
In this report Governance 
50 Chairman’s governance statement 
51 Leadership Strategic Report 
59 Board of Directors 
1 Business model 63 Bupa’s system of governance 
2 Our Market Units 67 Audit Committee report 
3 Financial performance 73 Risk Committee report 
4 Highlights and recognitions 76 Nomination & Governance 
5 Chairman’s statement Committee report 
6 Group CEO’s review 79 Board Sustainability Committee 
7 Progress on our 3x6 Strategy report 
9 Financial review 82 Directors’ remuneration report 
13 Our Market Units 97 Other statutory information 
17 Customers 
TCFD 18 People and Culture 
101 Task Force on Climate-related 22 Sustainability and ESG Financial Disclosures 
36 Section 172 statement 
42 Risk Financial Statements 
108 Independent auditors' report 
120 Financial Statements 
Disclaimer: Cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements This document may contain certain ‘forward-looking 
statements’. Forward-looking statements often use words such as ‘intend’, ‘aim’, ‘project’, ‘anticipate’, ‘estimate’, ‘plan’, ‘believe’, 
‘expect’, ‘forecasts’, ‘may’, ‘could’, ‘should’, ‘will’, ‘continue’ or other words of similar meaning. Statements that are not historical 
facts, including statements about the beliefs and expectations of The British United Provident Association Limited (Bupa) and 
Bupa’s directors or management, are forward-looking statements. In particular, but not exclusively, these may relate to Bupa’s 
plans, current goals and expectations relating to future financial condition, performance and results. By their nature, forward-
looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend upon future circumstances that may 
or may not occur, many of which are beyond Bupa’s control and all of which are solely based on Bupa’s current beliefs and 
expectations about future events. These circumstances include, among others, global economic and business conditions, 
market-related risks such as fluctuations in interest rates and exchange rates, the policies and actions of governmental and 
regulatory authorities, risks arising out of health crises and pandemics, the impact of competition, the timing, impact and other 
uncertainties of future mergers or combinations within relevant industries. Such forward-looking statements involve known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual future condition, results, performance or 
achievements of Bupa or its industry to be materially different to those expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. Recipients should not place reliance on, and are cautioned about relying on, any forward-looking statements. 
Except as required by any laws and regulations, Bupa expressly disclaims any obligations or undertakings to release publicly 
any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in the expectations of Bupa with regard 
thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. Forward-looking 
statements in this document are current only as of the date on which such statements are made. No statement in this document 
is intended to be a profit forecast. Neither the content of Bupa’s website nor the content of any other website accessible from 
hyperlinks on Bupa’s website is incorporated into, or forms part of, this document. 
 
       
      
       
       
      
       
      
     
    
  
     
       
     
 
         
      
      
   
       
        
       
 
       
   
       
      
    
 
         
     
     
   
 
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Business Model 
Health insurance 
24.4m 
customers 
Health provision 
19.2m 
customers 
Aged care 
20,200 
residents 
▪ Health insurance accounts for 71% of
our revenue, with 24.4m customers.
▪ We have a strong domestic health insurance
presence via our businesses in the UK,
Australia, Spain, Chile, Hong Kong SAR,
Türkiye, Brazil and Mexico, and our associate
businesses in Saudi Arabia and India. 
▪ We offer international private medical
insurance (IPMI) through our Bupa
Global businesses.
▪ We provide dental insurance in Australia,
the UK, Spain, Chile, Poland, Hong Kong,
Brazil and through Bupa Global.
▪ Health provision accounts for 21% of our total 
revenue, comprising 376 health clinics, 25
hospitals and 979 dental centres, serving 
19.2m people globally. 
▪ We operate health facilities in Spain, Chile,
Poland, the UK, Brazil, Hong Kong SAR and
Australia, and in our associate business in 
Saudi Arabia.
▪ We run hospitals in Spain, Mexico, Chile, 
Poland and UK. 
▪ We have dental centres across the UK, 
Ireland, Australia, Spain, Chile, Poland, Brazil 
and Hong Kong SAR. 
▪ We provide aged care services in the UK, 
Spain, Australia and New Zealand.
▪ Our portfolio comprises care homes,
retirement villages, day centres 
and homecare.
Bupa Annual Report 2022 1 
 
  
 
 
 
     
    
      
     
     
     
     
     
      
    
   
 
   
  
     
    
     
    
     
     
      
      
    
     
     
     
       
   
 
   
  
    
      
     
   
    
    
    
    
  
 
 
   
  
      
  
  
  
   
      
 
 
     
    
     
   
 
  
         
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Our Market Units 
Asia Pacific 
Our Asia Pacific Market Unit 
(APAC) comprises a leading 
health insurer in Australia and a 
range of health services delivered 
through our network of clinics, 
dental centres and optical stores. 
It also includes residential aged 
care services in Australia and 
New Zealand. In Hong Kong SAR, 
our business covers health 
insurance and health provision. 
40% 
of revenue 
4.5m 
Health insurance customers 
2.7m 
Health provision customers 
5,100 3,200 
Aged care Aged care 
residents in residents in New 
Australia Zealand 
See page 13 
Other businesses 
Europe and 
Latin America 
Our Europe and Latin America 
Market Unit (ELA) comprises 
Sanitas in Spain, which includes 
health insurance, hospitals, clinics, 
dental centres and aged care; 
Bupa Chile, with health insurance 
and provision; Care Plus, a health 
insurer in Brazil; Bupa Mexico, with 
health insurance and provision; 
LUX MED, a private healthcare 
business in Poland; and Bupa 
Acıbadem Sigorta, a health insurer 
in Türkiye. We also have an IPMI 
business in Latin America. 
33% 
of revenue 
5.1m 
Health insurance customers 
12.8m 
Health provision customers 
5,600 
Aged care residents in Spain 
See page 14 
We work closely with our 
associate businesses in Saudi 
Arabia (Bupa Arabia and MyClinic) 
and India (Niva Bupa). 
Bupa Global 
and UK 
Our Bupa Global and UK Market 
Unit (BGUK) includes our UK 
domestic health insurance 
business, dental centres, aged 
care, clinics and a hospital. 
In addition, Bupa Global 
administers IPMI for individuals, 
small businesses and 
corporate customers. 
27% 
of revenue 
3.0m 
Health insurance customers 
3.3m 
Health provision customers 
6,300 
Aged care residents in the UK 
See page 15 
12.1m 
Total customers1 
See page 16 
1. Total customers in “Other businesses” are predominantly health insurance customers.
Bupa Annual Report 2022 2 
 
    
    
   
    
  
  
    
 
    
    
  
 
	
  
  
   
  
 
    
  
                    
               
                     
                    
                      
                   
               
                
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Financial performance 
£14.0bn £(427)m £966m 
Revenue Statutory loss before tax Net cash generated 
+7% at CER, 2021: £13.1bn -201% at AER, 2021: £423m from operating activities 
+8% at AER, 2021: £12.9bn +5% at AER, 2021: £919m1
£575m 181% 
Underlying profit2
+43% at CER, 2021: £402m
Solvency II capital 
coverage ratio3
+42% at AER, 2021: £405m 2021: 179%
Revenue (£bn) Statutory profit/(loss) Net cash generated from 
before taxation (£m) operating activities1 (£m) 
Underlying profit2 (£m) Solvency II capital 
coverage ratio3 (%) 
1. 2021 has been restated for the implementation of the IFRS Interpretations Committee agenda decision on Demand Deposits with Restrictions on
Use arising from a contract with a Third Party. See Note 1.5a for further detail.
2. Underlying profit is a non-GAAP financial measure. This means it is not comparable to other companies. Underlying profit reflects our trading
performance and excludes a number of items included in statutory profit before taxation, to facilitate year-on-year comparison. These items include
impairment of intangible assets and goodwill arising on business combinations, as well as market movements such as gains or losses on foreign
exchange, on return-seeking assets, on property revaluations and other material items not considered part of trading performance. A reconciliation
to statutory profit/loss before taxation can be found in the notes to the financial statements.
3. The 2022 Solvency II capital position, Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) and coverage ratio are estimates and unaudited.
Bupa Annual Report 2022 3 
 
 
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Highlights and recognitions 
Celebrated our 75th anniversary 
2 million new health provision customers globally 
2 million 
11 countries and all three Market Units 
with customer listening app 
Hosted our first DataSummIT, with 54 presenters 
globally, and 5,600 Bupa people registered 
Became the Official Healthcare Partner to the five 
national Paralympics Associations in Spain, Poland, 
Chile, the UK and Australia 
5 partnerships
16% insurance customer growth worldwide 
16% 
Implementing digital healthcare products – 
such as Blua – into 10 of our markets
Delivered over 6,000 customer improvements across 
all of our businesses worldwide, following feedback 
from 3 million customer feedback surveys 
6,000 
Over 300 companies and 83 cities and regions across 
Poland, Spain, Chile and Mexico participated in the 
emblematic project, Healthy Cities 
Launched our Healthy Planet, Healthy People campaign 
in line with our Net Zero 2040 ambition 
2040 
Our LUX MED business provided over 320,000 free 
medical interventions to 180,000 Ukrainian refugees 
Acquired Bupa’s first hospital in Mexico, Bité Médica 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 4 
       
        
        
         
        
        
     
         
          
        
         
        
         
        
      
       
       
        
          
         
         
         
         
          
        
           
         
           
         
        
  
        
     
        
            
       
        
         
        
         
         
   
        
        
           
        
          
       
         
         
      
        
        
         
       
      
       
           
       
       
         
           
          
          
          
          
          
 
        
       
        
        
          
        
          
         
   
         
          
       
        
       
         
         
          
  
         
          
    
 
 
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Chairman’s statement 
During 2022 we witnessed some unpredictable events; 
war in Europe, widespread inflation and interest rate 
rises and political change in many countries. The 
context in which Bupa has operated this year has 
undoubtedly been challenging – and we should not 
forget that COVID-19 has continued to be a factor 
in a number of countries. 
Against this backdrop, however, the Bupa Board and I 
are proud of how Bupa has navigated these events. We 
are pleased with underlying performance this year and 
how Bupa has performed in line with our expectations. 
Although the statutory loss is disappointing, as Inaki 
describes in his CEO Review, the impairments in some 
businesses relate to a complex set of largely macro-
economic, sectoral and operational factors that 
management are navigating with the Board’s support. 
It’s particularly satisfying to see significant and 
meaningful progress being made with the 3x6 strategy 
that Iñaki and his leadership team launched in 2021, and 
this progress gives the Board confidence in the future. 
In what has been Bupa’s 75th anniversary year, I want 
to acknowledge the hard work and commitment of our 
people in serving and caring for our customers, patients 
and residents – and this is demonstrated in the great 
progress made throughout the year. What has struck 
me already is the way the new 3x6 strategy is being 
received. People are hugely energised by the sense of 
ambition at the heart of it. What has been so impressive 
is that Bupa’s people across the world have continued 
to embrace the ethos of simultaneously “running” and 
“changing” Bupa. 
As the 3x6 strategy is implemented, three particular 
highlights stand out to me. 
As customers across the world manage the rising 
cost of living, it is critical that Bupa continues to deliver 
high-quality, accessible healthcare and value for money. 
Bupa's focus on continuous improvement is evident in 
the scale and breadth of the progress with customer 
improvements through the year across all of our 
businesses. This focus is key to Bupa achieving the 
ambition we have set of being the world’s most 
customer-centric healthcare company. 
Our people are vital to delivering great customer 
service and care as well as implementing change and 
so we were delighted to see the highest ever levels of 
engagement from our people in Bupa’s global People 
Pulse survey. It is critical that we maintain and improve 
this engagement as Bupa goes through significant 
transformation, and the Board and I support the range 
of initiatives taken to enhance pay and health and 
wellbeing support to help our people. 
We’re also realising the benefits of the strategy, 
with significant organic growth in customer numbers 
across several markets – both in health insurance and 
provision. This demonstrates how we are meeting 
rapidly increasing customer demand for healthcare, 
particularly for services which are delivered digitally. 
The world is in an ongoing period of change as we 
emerge from the pandemic and the geopolitical 
instability caused by the war in Ukraine. 
I wanted to highlight, in particular, the amazing work 
that our LUX MED team in Poland are doing to support 
refugees who have been fleeing the war in Ukraine. I 
was privileged to visit the team recently with Iñaki and 
some of the Chief Executive Committee and saw at first 
hand the amazing job LUX MED is doing. We’re clear 
that we will continue to fund this support for as long 
as needed. 
In last year’s Chairman’s statement, I noted Bupa’s 
particular focus on sustainability in the new strategy. 
In 2022, we launched a new sustainability strategy 
through which Bupa will deliver the commitment to 
“make a better world” which we added to our purpose 
in 2021. Our approach to sustainability is focused on 
the intersection of human health and the health of the 
planet. This strategy has given us clear direction with 
ambitious sustainability goals. 
We are confident that the prospects are good but 
we recognise that we continue to face risks and 
challenges. The ever-increasing public focus on health 
and wellbeing provides us with opportunities to meet 
changing customer needs. We’re making good progress 
on our ambitious strategy and I have every confidence 
that what the team are doing under Iñaki’s leadership 
will position Bupa as the “go to” place for healthcare 
across the world. 
Our Strategic Report from pages 1-48 was reviewed and 
approved by the Board of Directors on 1 March 2023. 
By order of the Board. 
Roger Davis 
Group Chairman 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 5 
     
       
       
         
     
        
       
          
         
         
        
         
      
   
       
      
       
         
       
      
       
         
        
      
        
      
          
       
        
         
          
       
        
         
        
        
       
       
        
 
       
        
        
      
      
        
       
        
       
          
      
         
       
       
       
   
      
         
        
         
         
         
      
   
           
         
        
        
        
         
         
        
        
         
           
        
        
       
           
          
      
 
        
       
       
         
         
        
        
       
       
          
         
        
       
       
        
           
       
      
          
       
           
       
     
 
 
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Group CEO’s review 
These results demonstrate positive underlying 
performance across the Group in a challenging 
economic environment. We are making good progress 
implementing the new 3x6 strategy and our focus on 
driving significant transformation around digitalisation 
and customer service improvements has led to good 
organic customer growth in several businesses. As 
well as being the first full year of implementation of 
the new strategy, 2022 was also a significant year 
for Bupa as we celebrated our 75th anniversary. 
The increase in both our revenue and underlying 
profit as a result of strong customer demand 
demonstrates this progress, with strong insurance 
customer volume growth. 
The large statutory loss arising from goodwill 
impairments is disappointing, however, and reflects 
different factors. Global inflation has risen sharply 
driven by the aftermath of the pandemic and the 
invasion of Ukraine. Global markets responded by 
increasing central bank rates leading to increasing 
and more volatile bond yields causing interest rates 
to rise sharply during the second half of 2022. This 
led to significant increases in the cost of capital 
of our businesses, impacting the carrying value. 
In addition to this macro-economic impact, in UK 
Dental, operational challenges increased further during 
the second half of the year, in particular below target 
recruitment and retention of clinicians and increasing 
wage and energy costs, resulting in lower projected 
cash flows. A strategic review was initiated and new 
leadership was put in place. In Chile, the Isapre industry 
has been negatively impacted by judicialisation of 
premium pricing and regulatory action leading us to 
reassess our expectations of future cash flow from our 
Isapre business. In Australian aged care, we have 
reassessed our expectations of future cash flows to 
make an allowance for implementing the expected 
impact of mandatory care minutes for residents 
and future reform of government residential aged 
care funding. 
Our underlying performance, together with the quality 
of growth we are achieving across multiple businesses, 
gives us confidence for the future. Our portfolio 
management approach is delivering results, particularly 
in recovering performance in Bupa Global. 
We are pleased with the continued strong growth 
across health insurance in multiple countries, including 
Australia, Spain, UK, Poland, Brazil and Türkiye. We 
believe this demonstrates how our customers continue 
to see the value of our services, even in a cost-
constrained environment. We are also working 
hard to meet customers' changing expectations of 
healthcare and we continued to make significant 
progress in our digital transformation journey with 
further implementation of our digital platform, Blua, 
across different markets. 
Rising demand for healthcare and post-pandemic 
recovery are also reflected in the growth across our 
health provision businesses, as we served two million 
more customers than in 2021. In aged care, occupancy 
improved in Spain and the UK, while occupancy was 
down in Australia and New Zealand as these businesses 
continued to navigate challenges from COVID-19 
impacts and workforce availability. 
It is a challenging time for our employees due to the 
increased cost of living. We are focused on helping 
our customer-facing colleagues, in particular, and have 
provided support which has varied according to local 
markets. We’ve also just announced a broader package 
of health and wellbeing initiatives, Viva, to help our 
people worldwide and this will be rolled out across 
Bupa this year. Our thoughts are with everyone 
impacted by the tragic recent earthquakes in Türkiye 
and Syria. As the recovery efforts continue, our team 
in Türkiye has been working hard on a support package 
for those in need, including customers and colleagues. 
Through our business in Poland, we have been 
providing free healthcare support to Ukrainian refugees 
who have been forced to flee the war over the past 
year. We’re clear that we will continue to fund this 
support for as long as needed. 
Outlook 
We are seeing continued strong demand for our 
products and services to meet changing customer 
needs, particularly digital access to healthcare. Through 
our 3x6 strategy, we are focused on expanding the 
availability of these services across all of our markets. 
We are encouraged by the positive overall performance 
across the Group and how our businesses are 
transforming while continuing to deliver for our 
customers. High inflation continues to increase costs 
for our businesses and for our customers, although we 
are encouraged by the customer growth we have seen. 
The recruitment and retention of healthcare workers 
remains an ongoing sector-wide challenge in multiple 
markets – impacting our health provision businesses, 
notably UK dental and some aged care businesses. 
In Chile, as noted on page 11 ongoing judicial and 
regulatory uncertainty continues to affect the Isapre 
industry creating a challenging operating environment 
for our Isapre business. We are confident in the future 
and see positive momentum behind the implementation 
of our strategy. There is much to do but we are well-
positioned to meet rising demand for healthcare 
services across all our markets. 
Iñaki Ereño 
Group CEO 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 6 
 
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Progress on our 3x6 strategy 
Progress against our ambition KPIs: 
In 2021, we introduced the 3x6 strategy. Our main focus 
last year was driving progress against three headline 
elements of that strategy - all of which aim to ensure 
that Bupa will become the most customer-centric 
healthcare company in the world. 
1. We have made progress in increasing the customer
care touchpoints that we own (vs. a global goal of
owning 40% of touchpoints) - driving more frequent
interaction with customers and giving us more ways
to improve their access to great quality healthcare.
2. We have meaningfully increased the percentage of
our customers who we interact with digitally (vs. a
global goal of 60%) - enabling us to serve customers
how they want to be served, and to offer anytime
and immediate access to Bupa.
3. We have improved NPS scores across most of our
businesses (vs. a global goal of 80 NPS) - showing
that our focus on implementing high volumes of
customer experience improvements is delivering
actual benefits to our customers.
This positions us well for 2023, when we plan to make 
significant further progress vs. our '40:60:80' targets. 
Set out below are some examples from across our 
businesses which illustrate the progress made in 2022. 
Examples of progress against our ambition KPIs 
Double-digit 
growth 
Bupa Arabia 
+13 ppts
40% 60% 
 80 
Customer care touchpoints Active digital Net Promoter 
owned by Bupa Score of 80 customers 
Double-digit digital 
customer growth rates 
Bupa Chile 
+28 ppts
Türkiye 
+22 ppts
Bupa Arabia 
+13 ppts
Around 82% 
Business Units have increased 
their scores, with particular 
NPS improvements in 
HK Health Services 
+15 pts
Australia Aged Care 
+13 pts
UK Aged Care 
+9 pts
Good 
improvement 
Bupa Mexico 
+5 ppts
Bupa Global 
+4 ppts
Bupa Annual Report 2022 7 
 
 
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Progress against our six strategic 
and enabling pillars: 
In our 3x6 strategy, we established six key strategic and 
enabling pillars - areas of focus for our business-wide 
transformation activities. 
While our transformation journey is not yet complete, 
our people have focused their energy on - and 
delivered at pace across - all six pillars. We have 
made measurable progress and have put in place 
business fundamentals that will allow us to go 
further and faster in 2023. 
An overview of tangible progress against these pillars 
is set out below. 
We also have several initiatives under way to improve 
our organisational capabilities to support delivery of 
our goals across each strategic and enabling pillar. 
These include: 
1. Planning for each business to migrate at least 90%
of systems to the Cloud; and 
2. Implementing an Integrated Management System
(IMS) to ensure standardisation and reinforce
accountabilities across each of our businesses.
Our purpose 
Helping people live longer, healthier, 
happier lives and making a better world 
Our ambition 
To be the world’s most customer-centric healthcare company 
What we’ve already achieved 
Customer 
6,000+ 
Customer experience improvements1 delivered across 
our Market Units in 2022 
Growth 
16% 
Insurance customer 
growth across our markets 
vs. FY21 
Transformation 
10 
Countries where we’ve 
launched Blua, or another
digital health solution
Sustainability
 
1,086 
Start-ups engaged with 
via our eco-Disruptive 
programme 
Data 
5,600 
Bupa people signed up to the Data 
SummIT to develop data skills 
Agile Culture 
11 
Countries and all three Market Units 
with customer listening app 
1. A customer experience improvement is defined as an improvement that is ‘value-added’ or that results in an experience improvement which can be
directly perceived by the customer. In contrast, value-enabling improvements which do not have a direct benefit to customers should not count 
(e.g. review of customer feedback, the launch of a new analytical tool or programme to encourage active customer listening).
Bupa Annual Report 2022 8 
 
       
        
       
   
        
       
         
           
 
         
         
       
             
         
        
        
        
        
         
       
      
         
       
        
        
         
       
 
         
            
       
         
        
 
       
        
       
    
 
   
   
 
   
   
  
 
   
 
   
   
    
   
    
   
  
                     
                    
                      
                    
             
                     
             
                
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Financial review 
Overview 
These results reflect continuing good organic growth 
across many of our insurance businesses and increased 
activity in health provision businesses to meet 
increasing customer demand. 
This was offset by ongoing challenges in workforce 
availability across several markets, particularly in UK 
Dental. The impacts of COVID-19 have subsided in most 
of our markets but persisted in parts of our Asia Pacific 
Market Unit. 
Revenue of £14.0bn was up 7% (2021: £13.1bn) at 
constant exchange rates (CER) with growth in all our 
business lines and underlying profit1 before taxation 
of £575m was up 43% at CER (2021: £402m) as a result 
of strong customer demand and included a number of 
one-off exceptional trading items in our Market Units, 
which are broadly neutral at a Group level. 
During 2022, global inflation rose sharply resulting in 
higher central bank interest rates, leading to increased 
cost of capital which reduces the valuation of business 
units for impairment testing. There were asset 
impairments across goodwill, other intangibles and 
tangible assets during the second half of the year 
totalling £1bn. The material Business Unit impairments 
were UK Dental (£646m), Bupa Chile (£161m), BVAC 
Australia (£103m) and UK Care Services (£90m). These 
were the result of macroeconomic, and in some cases, 
sectoral and operational factors which are further 
detailed below. 
Statutory loss before taxation of £(427)m is a decline 
from a profit of £423m in 2021 (a 201% decline at AER). 
Net cash generated from operating activities was 
£966m, up £47m on prior year (2021: £919m) primarily 
due to strong underlying trading performance of our 
insurance business. 
Solvency II capital coverage ratio remains strong 
at 181% (2021: 179%) reflecting positive underlying 
performance with leverage (excluding IFRS 16 liabilities) 
improving to 18.6% (2021: 19.6%). 
Financial highlights 
£14.0bn £575m £966m 
Revenue 
+8% AER 2021: £12.9bn 
+7% CER 2021: £13.1bn 
Underlying profit1 
+42% AER 2021: £405m 
+43% CER 2021: £402m 
Cash generated from 
operating activities 
+5% AER 2021: £919m2 
£(427)m 
Statutory (Loss)/profit 
-201% AER 2021: £423m 
26.3% 
Leverage (incl. IFRS 16) 
+0.6 ppts AER 2021: 26.9% 
18.6% 
Leverage (excl. IFRS 16) 
+1.0 ppts AER 2021: 19.6% 
181% 
Solvency II coverage ratio3 
AER 2021: 179% 
1. Underlying profit is a non-GAAP financial measure. This means it is not comparable to other companies. Underlying profit reflects our trading 
performance and excludes a number of items included in statutory profit before taxation, to facilitate year-on-year comparison. These items include 
impairment of intangible assets and goodwill arising on business combinations, as well as market movements such as gains or losses on foreign 
exchange, on return-seeking assets, on property revaluations and other material items not considered part of trading performance. A reconciliation to 
statutory profit/loss before taxation can be found in the notes to the financial statements. 
2. 2021 has been restated for the implementation of the IFRS Interpretations Committee agenda decision on Demand Deposits with Restrictions on Use 
arising from a contract with a Third Party. See Note 1.5 for further detail. 
3. The 2022 Solvency II capital position, Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) and coverage ratio are estimates and unaudited. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 9 
 
          
        
        
 
         
        
         
         
       
       
       
     
       
       
        
      
  
         
        
        
        
      
        
      
          
          
        
      
     
      
        
      
 
  
       
    
        
         
          
      
         
          
        
       
           
         
          
      
        
      
      
         
          
        
        
      
     
     
        
 
           
         
       
         
   
       
       
         
        
       
 
       
       
        
        
          
       
         
      
          
      
        
            
       
         
        
   
 
        
         
      
       
 
         
      
         
         
         
       
         
        
        
          
    
        
           
        
      
    
         
 
        
         
       
         
       
       
        
        
        
       
   
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Financial review continued 
Revenue (CER) 
Revenue of £14.0bn was up 7% due to customer growth 
in health insurance, increased activity in our provision 
businesses and higher occupancy in most aged care 
businesses post-pandemic. 
Revenue in health insurance was up 7% as customer 
numbers increased and, although we sought to manage 
costs for customers as much as possible, premiums rose 
to address global inflation. This was partially offset by 
cash returns to customers and premium increase 
deferrals in our Australian health insurance business 
where we delivered on our commitment to not 
benefit from COVID-19. Insurance customer growth 
of 8% represented nearly one million more lives 
(16% when including our associate businesses) driven 
by strong growth in the UK and continued growth 
in our Australian, Polish, Turkish, Spanish and 
Brazilian businesses. 
In health provision, revenue grew by 8%, reflecting over 
two million additional customers as demand for health 
services increased and the impacts of COVID-19 largely 
subsided, but still remained in places. Dental revenue 
however was impacted by sector-wide clinician 
shortages across several of our markets and the 
divestment of some practices in New Zealand. 
In aged care, revenue was up 4% as occupancy rates 
increased by 1.6 ppts driven by our Spanish and UK 
businesses as they continued to emerge from the 
pandemic. COVID-19 challenges remained in our 
Australian and New Zealand businesses, however, 
as localised restrictions and sector-wide staffing 
availability continued to impact our ability to welcome 
new residents and reduced occupancy rates in 
this region. 
Underlying profit (CER) 
Group underlying profit increased by 43% to £575m 
(FY 2021: £402m at CER). 
Underlying profit includes one-off items that are related 
to trading but are exceptional in nature. There was 
£66m of additional profit in Asia Pacific which we have 
attributed to undistributed health insurance claims 
savings related to COVID-19. This is intended to be 
returned to customers in the future in line with our 
commitment to not benefit from the pandemic. In 
Europe and Latin America, profits were £40m higher 
as a result of applying higher CPI to rates in historical 
periods in line with a Public Private Partnership hospital 
contract in Spain. In our BGUK Market Unit, UK Dental 
has been impacted by higher Weighted Average 
Cost of Capital (WACC) rates and reduced profit 
expectations which has led to impairments of 
goodwill, customer intangibles, fixed assets and right 
of use leases. The tangible asset impairments are £117m 
and are included in underlying profit. The net impact of 
these across our Market Units was an £11m downside. 
For our largest line of business, health insurance, 
underlying profit increased from good customer 
growth, alongside both premium increases and 
careful cost management, which broadly offset 
higher claims and operating costs caused by the 
inflationary environment. 
As noted on page 11, in Chile, we continue to see 
the negative impacts of judicial and regulatory action 
affecting the entire Isapre insurance industry which 
have caused underlying losses to grow in our Isapre 
business, Isapre Cruz Blanca. 
Profitability further increased in our health provision 
businesses, as COVID-19 restrictions reduced in 2022. 
However, we continue to see challenges in our dental 
business, particularly in the UK, driven by sector-wide 
pressures, including an ongoing shortage of available 
clinician hours. 
Underlying losses in aged care increased year-on-year. 
In Spain, profits improved from higher customer 
volumes as the business emerged from the pandemic 
(closing occupancy 92.8% was up 5.9 ppts). However, 
this was more than offset by challenges in Australia and 
New Zealand which were impacted from temporary 
closures in the first half of 2022, resulting from 
COVID-19, along with workforce availability constraints, 
and in the UK, which faced higher staff and energy 
costs in a heightened inflationary environment. 
Central expenses and net interest margin of £43m 
were lower (FY 2021: £103m at CER). This was driven by 
higher investment returns from increased interest rates, 
and reduced costs from the early redemption of the 
£250m subordinated bond and maturity of a £350m 
senior bond in 2021. 
Statutory (loss)/profit 
Statutory loss before taxation was £(427)m, a 201% 
decline at AER (FY 2021: £423m profit), driven by 
certain non-underlying items which contributed a 
£1,002m loss in 2022, compared with £18m profit 
in 2021. 
The key drivers for non-underlying items in 2022 were 
the impairments of goodwill and intangible assets: 
UK Dental (£529m), due to increased WACC rates and 
a deterioration of the underlying forecast cash flows 
of the business following below target recruitment and 
retention of clinicians, combined with increased wage 
and energy costs, during the second half of 2022. 
Bupa Chile (£161m), driven by increased WACC rates 
and reductions in future cash flow forecasts reflective 
of the judicial and regulatory action affecting the Isapre 
industry summarised on page 11. 
Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia (£103m) due 
to increased WACC rates in the period and future cash 
flows affected by lower occupancy and higher future 
staff costs expected from implementing minimum 
mandatory care minutes for residents. 
UK Care Services (£90m) due to an increase in 
WACC rates. 
Also included was the amortisation of intangible assets 
in Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia following the 
government announcement in 2021 to deregulate bed 
licences from 2024 (£34m) and the loss on return 
seeking assets, net of hedging of (£39m). Türkiye 
is considered a hyperinflationary economy, as a 
consequence the results and balances for the Group's 
Turkish operations being adjusted for changes in the 
general purchasing power of the Turkish Lira (£31m) 
and this is recognised in "realised and unrealised 
foreign exchange (losses)/gains". 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 10 
 
      
       
       
     
      
         
        
        
        
             
               
       
         
       
        
      
         
      
         
         
         
           
          
        
         
         
        
          
            
        
            
          
         
 
       
         
      
     
          
          
         
        
          
        
         
        
        
       
       
        
        
    
          
         
        
         
          
       
          
          
  
  
         
       
      
         
        
        
          
          
   
       
         
         
     
        
          
        
          
          
       
       
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Financial review continued 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Bupa Asia Pacific at CER 302 229 
Europe and Latin America at CER 233 166 
Bupa Global and UK at CER 25 60 
Other businesses at CER 58 50 
Underlying profit for reportable segments at CER 618 505 
Central expenses and net interest margin at CER (43) (103) 
Consolidated underlying profit before taxation at CER 575 402 
Foreign exchange re-translation on 2021 results (CER/AER) – 3 
Consolidated underlying profit before taxation at AER 575 405 
Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill arising on business combinations (888) (18) 
Net (losses)/gains on disposal of businesses and transaction costs on business combinations (4) 13 
Net property revaluation (losses)/gains (5) 16 
Realised and unrealised foreign exchange (losses)/gains (12) 5 
Amortisation of bed licences (34) – 
Other Market Unit non-underlying items (24) 13 
Group non-underlying items 4 (14) 
(Losses)/gains on return-seeking-assets, net of hedging (39) 3 
Total non-underlying items (1,002) 18 
Statutory (loss)/profit before taxation at AER (427) 423 
Taxation 
The Group’s taxation expense for the year was £91m 
which represents an effective tax rate of (21)% (2021: 
15%). This is mainly due to the net tax impact of one-
off goodwill and fixed assets impairments and IAS 29 
adjustments applied as a result of hyperinflation in 
Türkiye for which no tax deductions can be claimed. 
If these exceptional items were excluded from the 
Group’s profit before taxation, the effective tax rate 
would be 30%, which is higher than the UK corporation 
tax rate of 19%. This is mainly due to profits arising in 
jurisdictions with a higher rate of corporate income 
tax. The 2021 effective tax rate was lower than the UK 
corporation tax rate mainly driven by a prior year credit 
of £43m following a favourable court decision in Spain. 
Cash flow 
Net cash generated from operating activities increased 
by £47m period on period, to £966m with strong 
business performance translating into higher revenues 
being received in the period. 
Cash generation has in turn driven the increase in cash 
used in investing activities by £654m to £889m as that 
cash has been invested into financial assets on the 
balance sheet. Net cash used in financing activities 
is also stable, decreasing by £89m to £459m, with 
Group reducing debt balances in the period by £173m. 
Funding 
We manage our funding prudently to ensure a strong 
platform for continued growth. Bupa’s policy is to 
maintain investment grade access to both the senior 
and subordinated bond markets. Fitch and Moody’s 
reviewed Bupa’s credit ratings during 2022 with 
Moody’s changing the outlook for Bupa’s ratings to 
stable from negative. Fitch held Bupa's ratings and 
outlook steady during the year. 
We continue to hold a good level of Group liquidity. 
At 31 December 2022, our £900m Revolving Credit 
Facility was drawn by £70m (2021: £150m). Coverage 
of financial covenants within the facility remains strong. 
We focus on managing our leverage in line with our 
credit rating objectives. Leverage excluding IFRS 16 
leases at 31 December 2022 was 18.6% (FY 2021: 19.6%) 
and was 26.3% (FY 2022: 26.9%) when IFRS 16 lease 
liabilities are included. 
Note on Chile 
As referenced at the Half Year 2022, the Isapre 
insurance industry in Chile has been negatively 
impacted by judicial and regulatory action. Isapres 
are part of Chile's social security system and provide 
access to health insurance for individuals, among other 
things. Pricing for Isapre contracts is determined by 
reference to a base price, a risk factor table (which 
adjusts for age) and a “GES” price (a flat rate covering 
a list of diseases). 
The Chilean Supreme Court has significantly shifted 
its interpretation to Isapre pricing in recent years, 
with the cumulative effect of restricting the previously 
permitted, and generally accepted, pricing/rate-setting 
approach. In December 2022, the Supreme Court issued 
a ruling which requires Isapres to use a statutory risk 
factor table with retrospective effect – meaning product 
coverage is not matched by the ability to increase rates 
to reflect the cost of such coverage. This ruling is 
complex and uncertain, and the relevant regulator 
has until May 2023 to implement it. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 11 
        
         
         
       
        
        
         
        
     
        
        
         
       
      
       
      
        
          
         
        
       
         
         
       
      
         
        
        
 
          
      
  
         
 
 
 
  
 
    
    
      
     
      
     
  
    
    
    
         
          
  
        
         
       
           
    
  
         
           
        
          
        
       
          
         
      
          
       
        
           
          
           
      
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Financial review continued 
Solvency 
Our solvency coverage ratio of 181%1 remains strong 
and is above our target working range of 140-170%. 
The Group holds capital to cover its Solvency Capital 
Requirement (SCR), calculated on a Standard Formula 
basis, considering all our risks, including those related 
to non-insurance businesses. As at 31 December 2022, 
the estimated SCR of £2.7bn was £0.2bn higher and 
Own Funds of £4.9bn was £0.4bn higher when 
compared to 31 December 2021. 
Our surplus capital was estimated to be £2.2bn, 
compared to £2.0bn at 31 December 2021, representing 
a solvency coverage ratio of 181%1 (2021: 179%). Our 
business continued to generate capital through our 
underlying profitability. This capital generation was 
partially offset by capital expenditure, debt financing 
activities, asset impairments and the regulatory 
recognition of a material contingent liability in relation 
to Isapre Cruz Blanca in Chile, as detailed in Note 28. 
We perform an analysis of the relative sensitivity of 
our estimated solvency coverage ratio to changes 
in market conditions and underwriting performance. 
Each sensitivity is an independent stress of a single 
risk and before any management actions. The selected 
sensitivities do not represent our expectations for 
future market and business conditions. A movement 
in values of properties that we own continues to be 
the most sensitive item, with a 10% decrease having 
a 11% percentage point reduction to the solvency 
coverage ratio. 
Our capital position is resilient in the face of the 
individual risks, illustrating the strength of our 
balance sheet. 
1. The 2022 Solvency II capital coverage ratio is an estimate 
and unaudited. 
Solvency II 
Risk Sensitivities coverage ratio 
Solvency coverage ratio1 181% 
Property values -10% 170% 
Loss ratio worsening by 2% 174% 
Sterling depreciates by 20% 174% 
Group Specific Parameter (GSP)2 +0.2% 179% 
Credit spreads +100bps (no credit 
transition) 180% 
Interest rate -100bps 180% 
Pension risk +10% 181% 
Equity markets -20% 181% 
2. Group Specific Parameter (GSP) is substituted for the insurance 
premium risk parameter in the standard formula, reflecting the Group’s 
own loss experience. 
We include a Group Specific Parameter (‘GSP’) in 
respect of the insurance risk parameter in the Standard 
Formula. We apply a premium recognition adjustment 
to the GSP loss ratio data to allow for the distorting 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
IFRS17 Insurance Contracts 
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts was issued in May 2017 
as a replacement for IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts. The 
final standard is effective for annual periods beginning 
on or after 1 January 2023. We have completed our 
assessment of the adoption of the standard, including 
setting our accounting policies and estimating the 
impact on our balance sheet at transition. For a large 
majority of its business, the Group will apply the 
simplified Premium Allocation Approach and, together 
with the policy choices set out in the Group’s Annual 
Report and Accounts, this means our revenue 
recognition is materially consistent with that used under 
IFRS 4. The Group’s net assets at transition on 1 January 
2022 are reduced by an estimated £55m. We will report 
on an IFRS17 basis at HY 23, which will include the 
opening 2023 statement of financial position. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 12 
 
        
        
        
              
          
        
         
         
         
          
         
     
         
          
        
          
          
         
         
          
         
         
 
            
           
           
         
           
  
          
          
             
            
        
   
             
         
        
            
           
           
    
           
          
           
             
           
          
   
           
              
           
     
            
              
            
                 
    
             
            
             
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
  
   
    
  
   
   
    
  
    
    
   
   
 
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Our Market Units 
Asia Pacific 
£5,638m 
Revenue 
+3% AER 2021: £5,498m 
-1% CER 2021: £5,692m
£302m1
Underlying profit 
+36% AER 2021: £222m
+32% CER 2021: £229m
Customers 
4.5m Health Insurance 
2.7m Healthcare Provision 
5,100 Aged care, Australia 
3,200 Aged care, New Zealand 
Revenue by business 
A. Bupa Health Insurance 71%
B. Bupa Health Services 11%
C. Bupa Villages and Aged
Care Australia 6% 
D. Bupa Villages and Aged
Care New Zealand 3% 
E. Hong Kong Insurance 6% 
F. Hong Kong Health
Services 3% 
Revenue declined marginally, which reflects the impact of 
£314m (AUD$558m) returned, through cash and premium 
increase deferrals, to Australian health insurance customers 
in line with our commitment to not benefit from COVID-19 
(£67m (AUD$120m) in 2021 at CER). Excluding the undistributed 
COVID-19 claim savings, underlying profit increased due to 
improved gross margin in Australian Health Insurance and lower 
costs in Australian Health Services. Our businesses continued to 
experience impacts from COVID-19 as they emerged from the 
pandemic later compared to other Market Units. This led to 
declined performance in aged care, due to lower occupancy 
and increased workforce costs. 
In Australia Health Insurance, when excluding the undistributed COVID-19 
claims savings, performance was driven by customer growth, an enhanced 
portfolio mix and continued business transformation initiatives. The 
combined operating ratio (COR)2 was 90%3 (2021: 92%). Since the 
pandemic started, we have returned, or committed to return, £492m 
(AUD$875m) to customers, including in cash and premium increase 
deferrals. Recognising the importance of customer retention, we launched 
Bupa Life Rewards, a member loyalty programme. Our digital health 
platform, Blua, was expanded to our international health insurance 
customers, giving them 24/7 online access to consultations with 
general practitioners. 
In Australian Health Services, revenue declined due to the divestment of our 
dental practices in New Zealand and clinician vacancies. This was partially 
offset by new business revenue and growth in medical assessment volumes 
as COVID-19 lockdown backlogs were cleared. Underlying profit improved, 
driven by lower operating costs and increased customer demand for optical 
and hearing services. 
In Australian Villages and Aged Care, revenue and underlying performance 
declined. This was largely due to COVID-19 restrictions which contributed 
to workforce challenges and constrained admissions as well as the sale or 
closure of nine homes in 2021. Closing occupancy was 84% (2021: 87%). 
Higher labour, infection prevention and control costs also contributed 
to the decreases. 
In New Zealand Villages and Aged Care, revenue was broadly in line with 
2021 as new developments and government funding increases offset 
divestments and site closures. Underlying loss increased primarily due 
to the impact of COVID-19 on occupancy, as well as higher labour costs. 
As part of continued portfolio optimisation, we opened a new retirement 
village and adjacent care home and closed three care homes. Closing 
occupancy was 87% (2021: 88%). 
In Hong Kong SAR, revenue increased due to strong COVID-19 vaccination 
clinic volumes and pricing. We provided more than 12,500 virtual 
consultations and opened seven new medical and dental centres. This was 
despite COVID-19 restrictions in place during the first half of the year and 
visitor entry restrictions remaining in place for the majority of the year. 
The impact of COVID-19 on insurance claims did however contribute to 
an underlying loss. 
In November, we announced that Hisham El-Ansary, CEO for Asia Pacific, 
will step down at the end of March 2023 with an executive search process 
currently underway to find his replacement. Nick Stone, currently CFO for 
Asia Pacific, will become Acting CEO. 
1. Underlying profit includes £66m of undistributed health insurance claims savings related to 
COVID-19. This is intended to be returned to Australian health insurance customers in line
with our commitment to not benefit from COVID-19. Future health insurance underlying
profit will be impacted by the cost of any amounts returned to customers at the point such
a return is announced.
2. Combined operating ratio is an alternative performance metric for insurance businesses. It is
calculated based on incurred claims and operating expenses divided by net earned premiums.
3. Bupa HI Pty Ltd (Australia): Based on S.05.01 Prudential Regulation Authority (SII) form
(estimated and unaudited)
Bupa Annual Report 2022 13 
 
 
         
           
             
          
         
        
           
       
       
          
         
         
          
         
              
    
           
           
          
    
            
           
             
      
           
           
            
            
 
            
            
            
           
              
            
         
         
           
         
               
          
   
           
          
         
         
         
          
   
         
          
            
            
            
  
          
         
  
         
   
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
    
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
          
    
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Our Market Units continued 
Europe and 
Latin America 
£4,560m 
Revenue 
+14% AER 2021: £4,004m 
+16% CER 2021: £3,935m 
£233m 
Underlying profit 
+44% AER 2021: £162m 
+40% CER 2021: £166m 
Customers 
5.1m Health Insurance 
12.8m Healthcare Provision 
5,600 Aged care 
Revenue by business 
A. Sanitas Seguros 28% 
B. Sanitas Hospitales & New 
Services 7% 
C. Sanitas Dental 4% 
D. Sanitas Mayores 3% 
E. LUX MED 13% 
F. Bupa Acıbadem 
Sigorta,Türkiye 6% 
G. Bupa Chile 24% 
H. Care Plus, Brazil 6% 
I. Bupa Global Latin 
America 5% 
J. Bupa Mexico 4% 
Revenue grew by 16% to £4,560m with underlying profit 
increasing by 40% to £233m at CER. This included £40m profit 
as a result of applying higher CPI to historical periods in line 
with a Public Private Partnership hospital contract in Spain. 
Excluding this, underlying profit growth was driven by organic 
customer growth in our Spanish health insurance business, 
Sanitas Seguros, and in our business in Poland, LUX MED, 
alongside improved occupancy within our aged care 
business in Spain, Sanitas Mayores. 
Health insurance in Spain delivered good revenue growth with over 
100,000 more lives insured. Underlying profit increased through both 
portfolio growth and price increases which offset some inflationary 
headwinds. We reached the milestone of two million customers in 
June 2022, with distribution agreements with bancassurance partners 
contributing to more than a third of sales. The COR for the full year 
was 89%1 (2021: 88%). 
Our dental business in Spain continued to deliver good customer growth 
leading to improved revenue and underlying profit. We opened four new 
dental centres and acquired one that was previously operating through 
a franchise model. 
In our Hospitals and New Services business in Spain, revenue and underlying 
profit increased after applying the historical CPI catchup, noted above. We 
also opened a new laboratory and are building a new hospital in Madrid, 
which we expect to open in 2025. 
In Sanitas Mayores, our aged care business in Spain, underlying profit 
increased due to improved occupancy as we continued to emerge from 
the pandemic (closing occupancy was 93%, up 6 ppts). In addition, a 
new version of our BluaU app to support access to home care services, 
was launched. 
In Chile, while there was some revenue increase in our Isapre insurance 
business due to permitted price increases from 2021, losses increased as a 
result of the judicial and regulatory action affecting the industry, which has 
had a significant negative impact on pricing. The Isapre industry challenges 
are summarised in the Note on Chile on page 11. In health provision, revenue 
improved due to higher volumes and prices and increased activity in our 
Santiago hospital, however underlying profit was impacted by inflation. 
We also opened a new medical centre in Santiago. 
In Poland, LUX MED delivered robust revenue and underlying profit growth 
mainly from new corporate subscriptions. Insurance revenue was ahead 
of prior year, but profit remained broadly flat due to higher claims. A new 
health insurance product with inpatient coverage was launched to around 
20,000 new net members. 
In Bupa Acıbadem Sigorta, our health insurance business in Türkiye, revenue 
increased due to both corporate and individual customer growth and 
pricing actions to counter high inflationary pressure. Underlying losses 
worsened from higher claims linked to increasing medical inflation. 
Care Plus in Brazil delivered strong revenue and customer growth, 
however, underlying profit decreased as a result of higher claims 
volumes and inflation. 
Bupa Mexico delivered good revenue growth through increased customer 
numbers and new products. Underlying profit, however, declined due to 
higher volumes of claims and inflation. We signed a ten year coinsurance 
and reinsurance deal with, our partner, HDI, which will provide access to 
over 7,000 agents to distribute products. We also acquired a new hospital 
in Mexico City. 
Bupa Global Latin America generated an underlying profit by maintaining 
high customer retention alongside premium increases to offset higher 
claims inflation. 
1. Sanitas S.A. de Seguros (Spain): Prepared under local GAAP (unaudited). 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 14 
 
 
          
            
           
         
         
        
           
 
         
          
            
           
            
            
           
         
         
           
           
     
           
          
            
         
           
          
   
           
         
 
         
          
            
            
            
     
          
          
          
          
           
             
           
      
          
         
          
             
          
         
      
       
   
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
          
    
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Our Market Units continued 
Bupa Global 
and UK 
£3,752m 
Revenue 
+10% AER 2021: £3,396m 
+9% CER 2021: £3,432m 
£25m 
Underlying profit 
-60% AER 2021: £62m
-58% CER 2021: £60m
Customers 
3.0m Health Insurance 
3.3m Healthcare Provision 
6,300 Aged care 
Revenue by business 
A. Bupa UK Insurance 49%
B. Bupa Dental Care 13% 
C. Bupa Care Services 11%
D. Bupa Health Services 5% 
E. Bupa Global 22% 
Revenue was up 9% to £3,752m and underlying profit decreased 
by 58% to £25m at CER. Excluding £117m of impairments to right 
of use leases and fixed assets in our dental business, underlying 
profit increased driven by higher volumes in UK Insurance 
and improved performance in Bupa Global, our international 
health insurance business. Revenue growth in health provision 
and aged care was offset by heightened costs in an 
inflationary environment. 
UK Insurance increased revenue and underlying profit through strong 
growth in customer volumes and premium increases required to offset 
inflationary pressures on claims and staff costs. We grew by over 275,000 
net customers across medical insurance, health trusts, dental and cash plan, 
passing the milestone of three million lives covered. We continue to expand 
digital services with the launch of Blua, our new digital healthcare platform, 
which provides customers with easy 24/7 access to primary care services. 
We launched new propositions, including ‘Inclusive Health’ for corporate 
customers, covering women’s health, sexual health and neurodiversity. For 
our insurance customers, we launched a new specialist centre for prostate 
cancer within our Cromwell Hospital and increased the number of specialist 
centres for breast and bowel cancers. 
In Bupa Global, revenue and underlying profit increased as a result of 
strong customer retention and new business sales, cost management and 
improved loss ratios due to pricing action. Across our regions, we continued 
to develop customer propositions, delivering product variants that respond 
to distinct local needs. We also implemented new claims adjudication and 
healthcare management systems to continue to help our customers access 
high-quality, good-value care. 
The COR for Bupa Insurance Limited, the UK-based insurance entity that 
underwrites both domestic and international insurance, improved to 94%1 
(2021: 97%). 
UK Dental's underlying losses increased due to sector-wide pressures, 
including an ongoing shortage of dentists, particularly for NHS work, 
increased staff costs and high inflation. With new leadership in place, a 
strategic review is underway to drive the turnaround and growth of this 
business. We added over 12,000 new customers to our new digital B2C 
subscription product, the Bupa Smile Plan. 
UK Care Services delivered higher revenue due to the continued post-
pandemic recovery of occupancy levels, combined with higher income from 
both private- and public-funded residents. This was largely offset by sector-
wide staffing challenges, high energy costs and other inflationary pressures. 
We continued to drive transformation through digital innovation in our sites 
including the rollout of an electronic care planning system which is now in 
place across 10 Richmond Villages and 75 care homes. Closing occupancy 
rates increased to 87% (2021: 84%). 
In Health Services, revenue increased from strong growth in health 
assessments, mental health and primary care services, and higher 
customer volumes in The Cromwell. We opened two new health 
clinics and reorganised our clinic network as we will end our franchise 
arrangement with Spire Healthcare in 2023. The Cromwell saw an 
increase in self-pay and international activity driven by complex 
cancer, transplant and cardiothoracic care. 
1. Bupa Insurance Limited: Prepared under local GAAP.
Bupa Annual Report 2022 15 
 
            
         
           
   
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
          
    
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Our Market Units continued 
Underlying profit was up 16% to £58m driven by steady customer growth 
and favourable investment returns in Bupa Arabia alongside significant 
customer growth and improved loss ratios in Niva Bupa in India. 
Other businesses 
£7m 
Revenue 
+40% AER 2021: £5m 
+17% CER 2021: £6m 
£58m 
Underlying profit 
+29% AER 2021: £45m 
+16% CER 2021: £50m 
Customers 
3.4m Bupa Arabia 
8.4m Niva Bupa 
0.3m Arabia Clinics 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 16 
        
         
  
   
     
     
   
  
     
         
  
       
      
 
     
        
     
     
        
  
       
    
        
     
        
     
         
          
   
        
          
       
          
      
        
         
         
          
     
         
      
          
      
       
        
     
       
         
            
         
        
       
        
           
        
       
       
        
    
          
   
’
’
’
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Customers 
Our ambition is to be the most customer-centric 
healthcare company in the world. In 2022, we focused 
on three priorities: 
1. Enhancing our customer feedback 
programme (our NPS system), so we 
can hear more from our customers 
2. Driving improvements in our 
customers’ experience 
3. Creating a truly customer-obsessed culture. 
These are just a few examples of the changes 
we ve made: 
▪ UK insurance customers can now get an 
appointment within 48 hours for prostate 
cancer symptoms. 
▪ In Australia we simplified communications 
relating to annual price increases to make sure 
customers get clear, personalised information, 
and feel supported to make decisions. 
▪ In Spain patients can now track an ambulance 
in real time. 
▪ We ve launched a digital back pain prevention 
programme for customers in Poland. 
▪ Customers in Hong Kong can now chat with 
us and book appointments over WhatsApp. 
▪ Each of our 5,100 care home residents in 
Australia has an electronic care record. 
▪ We have set up residents committees in all UK 
care homes so residents can have a say in how 
their home is run. 
We’ve broken our customer experience down into the 
moments that matter most to our customers – we call 
these 'micromoments'. At each micromoment, we listen 
to feedback from our customers to guide us in making 
changes to better meet their needs. 
We ended 2022 with 157 micromoments in place, 
meaning we now have more opportunities than ever to 
hear customer feedback and make things better for our 
customers. In 2022, we sent over 25 million surveys and 
received nearly 3 million responses. 
We have committed to making a minimum of 250 
meaningful improvements to our customers’ experience 
in each business each year. In 2022, we exceeded this 
target, making over 6,000 improvements globally, 
including 2,910 for insurance customers, 2,052 for 
hospitals, dental and clinics customers, and 1,115 for 
residents in our care homes. 
Our customer-facing staff hear from our customers 
every day and act on their feedback. However, ensuring 
that all of our people listen to customers is at the heart 
of our strategy. We’re enabling all Bupa people around 
the world to hear directly from customers, whatever 
their role, through our Customer Listening initiative. 
This year we expanded the programme and it’s now 
live in 11 countries. As a result, our people listened to 
customer feedback calls 53,000 times in 2022 and 
submitted over 15,000 suggestions to improve the 
customer experience – contributing to our ongoing 
drive to be obsessed with our customers’ experience, 
every step of the journey. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 17 
            
        
         
     
      
       
          
        
         
   
        
         
       
      
   
        
      
       
        
         
        
       
  
         
     
       
       
        
 
     
    
      
 
       
       
     
       
    
     
 
    
     
  
          
  
   
-
-
-
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
People and culture 
We want Bupa to be a great place to work with the 
best, most diverse people. We know our people are 
vital in delivering our purpose and ambition for our 
customers. Supporting and engaging them leads 
to strong and sustainable performance, ultimately 
enabling us to execute our 3x6 strategy. 
Culture 
Our culture is shaped by our purpose and our values, 
supported by the Bupa Code, which sets out what 
we expect from our people and acts to support 
decision-making for individuals. 
This year we refreshed and simplified the Bupa Code 
to reflect our streamlined values of brave, caring and 
responsible. Our values were reinforced in everything 
we did, including communications and through 
leadership role modelling. 
Our ambition and strategy require us to be 
simultaneously stable (resilient, risk aware, customer 
focused, reliable and efficient) and dynamic (fast, 
nimble, adaptive and innovative). So, everyone at Bupa 
is encouraged to take responsible actions, care for our 
customers, people and the planet and embrace the 
innovation, change and challenge required to achieve 
our customer-centric strategy. 
In 2022, we focused on a number of cultural 
initiatives to support our ambitions. We: 
▪ Supported our people to help them manage 
cost of living challenges with a number 
of targeted initiatives including in the UK 
and Spain. 
▪ Focused on employee communication and 
engagement through our twice yearly 
engagement survey and our global internal 
communications platform. 
▪ Commenced rollout of a new learning platform 
which is accessible to all, to provide 
continuous, connected learning and skills 
development. 
▪ Continued to invest in our leaders and 
future leaders through market leading 
talent programmes like Bupa Advance 
and eco Disruptive. 
▪ Developed organisational skills and 
capabilities through the Data, Digital 
and Sustainability Academies. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 18 
         
      
        
       
     
       
 
      
      
    
       
  
  
         
          
          
         
      
          
         
           
        
           
         
    
      
         
        
        
      
     
         
        
  
       
         
       
      
     
        
        
        
        
         
          
       
 
       
            
        
        
        
        
        
    
        
          
         
        
        
       
 
         
         
        
         
          
     
          
          
         
       
       
        
            
       
        
        
        
        
       
        
         
        
       
  
          
       
       
       
          
           
         
        
   	
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
People and culture continued 
The Board monitored culture in a number of ways, 
including direct workforce engagement (see Leadership 
on pages 54-55 for more information) and regular 
people related items on Board agendas, including: 
▪ Engagement results and sentiment captured from 
our whole workforce globally through our People 
Pulse surveys. 
▪ Bi-annually considering the volume and themes 
received via our Speak Up whistleblowing process. 
▪ Detailed overviews of leadership development, 
talent and succession, inclusion and diversity, and 
employee wellbeing. 
Inclusion and Diversity 
Inclusion and Diversity is an integral part of Bupa's 
culture and is core to our purpose and our values. 
Our 3x6 strategy calls out its importance: 'to have 
the best, most diverse people, and great place to 
work’. For more information visit Bupa.com. 
We know that diversity in all its forms enables us 
to creatively solve challenges for our customers and 
societies. It is a key element in how we adapt and 
access talent pools to bring in different perspectives 
and expertise. It also helps us to create a culture of 
personalised care in helping our people to be healthier 
and happier working at Bupa. 
Our recruitment, training, career development and 
promotion of all employees is based on the skills, 
knowledge and experience of the individual and takes 
no account of age, disability, race, beliefs, gender, 
sexual orientation or other characteristics. Should 
employees become disabled during employment, 
every effort is made to continue their employment 
and, if necessary, appropriate training and equipment 
are provided. 
This year we incorporated our Inclusion and 
Diversity strategy in our wellbeing and safety agenda, 
recognising how creating a culture of psychological 
safety supports physical and psychologically healthy 
and safe workplaces for our people. 
1. Based on average number of employees during the year. 
We have a Global Inclusion and Diversity Framework 
against which each local market has designed initiatives. 
These are measured and updated to provide clear 
transparency of our progress and, above all, we ensure 
our people are at the centre of our strategy, with 
constant listening being a top priority to lead 
our decisions. 
We refreshed our hiring and recruitment processes 
to ensure they are fair and robust. To attract the most 
diverse candidates and talent, we made changes to 
flexible working to support working parents and carers. 
We celebrate inclusion and diversity across the whole 
organisation and are truly committed to ensure that 
Bupa reflects our customers, wider society and the 
communities in which we operate. 
On both the CEC (Chief Executive Committee) and 
the Board, the gender balance this year has positively 
shifted, from 26% to 36% between 2022 and 2023. 
Although we have made positive change, our long-term 
ambition and plan remains to ensure balanced gender 
representation in our executive committee on an 
ongoing basis. 
Women account for over two thirds of our workforce 
and, whilst we strive for further representation at our 
highest leadership levels, we are encouraged by the 
pipeline of female talent to support this change going 
forward. We recognise this is not a short-term fix but 
a process of long-term commitment. 
The outcomes of our efforts remain to foster a culture 
that allows everyone to be their best. We want the 
82,0001 people who work at Bupa to reflect and 
represent the communities we serve, ensuring we 
create environments that attract and retain whilst 
expanding our talent pipeline to be more diverse, 
and to be transparent in the targets we are working 
towards and the progress we are making. 
Recognition 
We are making good progress and receiving external 
recognition for our work in a number of countries. 
In Australia, Bupa was awarded bronze tier employer 
recognition in the 2022 LGBTQ Inclusion Awards. The 
award is provided through the Australian Workplace 
Equality Index (AWEI). More information can be found 
here. This is Bupa’s first award through the AWEI and 
is testament to the work we’re doing in Australia 
to make our workplace more inclusive for our 
LGBTQ community. 
We are proud of this achievement as it reflects our 
supportive processes like our Transgender and Gender 
Diverse Standard, the advocacy and education our 
LGBTQ+ identifying people, allies and Pride Network 
carry out every day, and our celebration of days of 
significance. 
Bupa Global & UK has been ranked 5th in the Inclusive 
Companies Top 50 UK Employers List 2022/23 and the 
Group was recognised as a 'Leader in Diversity' 2022 
by the Financial Times. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 19 
   
       
         
       
        
         
         
     
        
      
          
       
      
      
     
     
          
       
     
      
          
        
      
      
     
        
       
        
 
     
        
        
         
      
      
      
     
       
    
       
       
      
        
     
      
       
  
    
    
         
     
        
        
         
        
         
          
           
        
          
       
      
      
         
        
          
          
        
      
     
         
          
          
        
         
     
          
        
        
        
         
        
      
        
       
       
         
       
      
 
          
   
   
-
-
'
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
People and culture continued 
Caring for our people 
As a global healthcare company, wellbeing is central 
to everything we do, and a key component in driving 
a positive employee experience. Our global wellbeing 
strategy is Bupa’s commitment to creating a culture 
of wellbeing across our global workforce, allowing our 
people to thrive and therefore provide the best care 
and expertise for our customers. 
The wellbeing of our people remains a key 
priority, ensuring our people feel supported 
to take care of their wellbeing, and that leaders 
are equipped to support their team members. 
Our global wellbeing framework provides the 
foundation for this, embedded and driven 
locally through three strategic imperatives: 
▪ Leadership behaviours and capability: Our 
people feel safe, cared for and have a sense of 
belonging working for Bupa. This is delivered 
by our managers consistently role modelling 
empathy, with inclusion, safety and wellbeing, 
and our values being at the heart of how they 
lead. We also provide tools to support our 
leaders to create physically and psychologically 
safe environments. This included our recently 
relaunched global Personal Energy programme, 
which educates and supports our people on the 
importance of self care and making time for 
the things that make them the best versions 
of themselves. 
▪ Organisation system and environment: We 
ensure that our people feel listened to and 
empowered to do their best work at Bupa. 
By intently listening to our people via local 
listening projects, culture surveys, our Speak 
Up whistleblowing service and our global 
People Pulse survey, we understand and 
address the organisational factors which 
hinder our peoples health, safety, wellbeing 
and sense of belonging. 
▪ Sustainable support: Our aspiration is that our 
people will feel healthier and happier because 
we are committed to providing medical 
benefits for 100% of our people with additional 
support across the physical, psychological, 
financial, social and environmental aspects of 
wellbeing, as well as improving inclusion and 
accessibility for everyone. 
Providing medical benefits to 100% 
of our people globally 
We know that to care for our customers, we must 
first look after our people. 
Until recently, we provided medical benefits and health 
insurance to approximately 40% of our people around 
the world and, in 2022, we committed to providing 
healthcare benefits, plus a range of health and 
wellbeing support tools, to 100% of our workforce. We 
want all of our people to feel healthier because they 
work at Bupa, and so we have just launched a new 
initiative, Viva, to fulfil our commitment. This approach 
was endorsed in 2022 and all our people will have 
access to health benefit support and Bupa products 
and services by the end of 2023. 
Importantly, we involved frontline colleagues in 
developing this offering, and with their input tested and 
refined the proposition, to ensure what we're offering 
will make a difference and be valued by our people. 
We believe this is ground-breaking for some of the 
industries in which we work, and role-models living 
our purpose for our people. 
Listening and engaging with our people 
In November 2022, we ran our global People Pulse 
survey, for all employees to have their say about what 
it is like working at Bupa. 57,519 people responded 
(79%), providing 59,254 comments. For the first time, 
we received a global result of 80, achieving our high-
performing (top decile) external benchmark, which 
we have been aiming for since we began our current 
approach to employee listening in 2018. We saw 
improvements across all 14 survey questions, with six 
questions now on or above external benchmark. We 
also saw a positive shift in the comment sentiment, 
which is very encouraging. Through their global data, 
our engagement partners, Glint reported continued 
volatility and a downward trend in engagement levels, 
therefore, Bupa’s results indicate that we are 
performing well compared to the external environment. 
While celebrating this success, we are keen to maintain 
momentum with engagement, and are committed to 
continually improving our people’s experience of 
working here. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 20 
         
       
       
       
          
       
      
      
         
        
        
        
          
          
        
        
       
         
         
           
        
         
       
       
        
        
 
  
  
         
        
         
        
    
         
         
        
        
        
         
     
          
        
       
      
          
       
          
   
       
        
         
         
  
        
      
       
       
         
       
   
 
        
        
  
         
          
       
          
         
        
          
  
        
        
       
    
     
   
       
       
    
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
People and culture continued 
Our people are also highly engaged through one single 
global internal communications platform. In 2022, we 
finished onboarding all employees globally, and saw 
51,000 posts, 75,000 comments and over 475,000 
post likes. This has quickly become the go-to platform 
for sharing customer stories, recognising our people, 
cascading and connecting on relevant information 
and building connections across the globe. 
In 2022, we delivered our first major global engagement 
campaign through the platform, called the Bupa World 
Tour. Our people shared their diverse cultures, lifestyles, 
languages and even their favourite foods through a 
variety of activities. The campaign ran for six weeks and 
saw more than half a million page impressions. We also 
relaunched the Bupa Awards, asking our people to 
nominate their colleagues for outstanding work in three 
categories: brave, caring and responsible. We received 
over 6,000 nominations, which were then voted for by 
our people, resulting in ten winners around the world. 
Iñaki Ereño, Group CEO, interviewed at the 2022 Bupa Awards in London.’ 
We also introduced additional ways for our Board 
members to connect directly with our people to hear 
their feedback. Designated Board members lead on 
workforce engagement activities for our Market Units, 
sharing insights back with the whole Board. More 
information is set out in the Leadership section on 
pages 54-55. 
Developing our people 
Senior Leadership Development 
We continued to invest in developing our current and 
future senior leaders, through a combination of local 
programmes in each market, as well as bringing leaders 
together across Bupa to learn and develop together 
and strengthen global networks. 
In 2022, we ran two internal global programmes: Bupa 
Advance continued for a second edition as a 100% 
virtual programme, with over 50 senior leaders from 
across the world participating in a 14-week learning 
journey, working in small groups, with input from 
external speakers and 1-2-1 coaches. We also ran a 
second edition of our eco-Disruptive programme, 
which took 105 of our future leaders on a four-month 
experience. They worked in agile ways on sustainability 
challenge areas with external start-ups, to build 
innovative and scalable market propositions. We 
also took the opportunity to work further with the 
previous alumni of both programmes, engaging them 
as mentors for participants as well as tracking the 
impact of their development. 
Academies 
In 2022, we launched two global academies. 
Our Digital Academy is designed to upskill our 
technology teams across the globe, as well as providing 
basic digital and data literacy to people beyond the 
technology teams. 
We also launched the Sustainability Academy that is 
summarised in the Sustainability and ESG section. 
Both academies run a schedule of events and 
learning activities across the year. We also continued 
to invest in the development of our frontline and 
customer-facing teams with training that is locally 
designed and deployed. 
Leadership forums 
Another way we connected with our leaders to 
reinforce delivery of our strategy is through two 
leadership communities. 
The Strategic Development Forum is made up of our 
CEC as well as 60 senior leaders across Bupa. This 
group meets quarterly (once per year face-to-face) 
to discuss current progress against our strategy and to 
work together on future priorities and focus areas. This 
forum creates a strong bond between leaders across 
the globe and fosters the learning and sharing of best 
practice initiatives. 
The Global Leadership Team is a broader leadership 
forum, hosting our top 700 leaders globally, again 
meeting quarterly as a leadership exchange of 
information, including performance progress, 
expectations of leaders and development focus 
areas for leaders. 
These two forums are uniting our leadership 
communities, as a collective and in their messaging 
and approach to leadership. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 21 
 
  
    
   
             
                  
            
                     
               
                
               
   
               
             
  
  
        
          
         
           
       
       
      
   
       
 
      
     
       
        
        
 
        
        
            
       
    
       
         
         
       
      
       
       
      
          
     
    
       
     
        
       
         
          
         
       
  
        
   
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Sustainability and ESG 
Sustainability and Environmental, 
Social and Governance (ESG) agenda 
Overview of sustainability strategy 
At Bupa, sustainability starts with our purpose: 'Helping people live longer, healthier, happier lives 
and making a better world'. This commitment has been shaped by what we have learned as a global 
healthcare company which has been looking after people’s health for 75 years. 
It's become clear to us that, to look after people's health, we also need to look after the health of the 
planet; and this reflects the World Health Organization’s description of climate change as the single 
biggest health threat facing humanity. Put simply, climate change is a health crisis. As a healthcare 
company we have an important role to play in addressing the climate crisis, and a responsibility 
to act now. 
In 2022, we launched our new sustainability strategy, which sets our ambition to play our part 
in tackling this challenge, and ‘making a better world’ for our colleagues, customers, communities 
and wider society. 
Our sustainability strategy 
Our sustainability strategy prioritises focus on the areas 
where we can drive the greatest impact for 'making a 
better world', the intersection of the health of humans 
and of the planet, because when we take care of the 
planet, we are caring for people’s health too. 
Comprised of three leading pillars, ‘Mission Zero’, 
‘Mission Accelerate’ and ‘Mission Regenerate’, we 
do this by: 
1. Reducing the environmental impact of healthcare -
Mission Zero 
2. Accelerating innovative solutions to the biggest 
health-related sustainability challenges - Mission 
Accelerate 
3. Supporting action to protect, restore and regenerate 
local environments for the benefit of our customers 
our people, our communities and wider society -
Mission Regenerate. 
The strategy has clear 2040 ambitions, but also nearer-
term goals as we know that transformational change 
is required in the next decade. In 2022, our focus was 
on establishing our KPI measurement and reporting 
approach across all three pillars. 
Although our sustainability strategy sets the priorities 
where we can drive the greatest impact, we recognise 
that broader ESG action is also needed. The three 
leading pillars are therefore underpinned by strong 
performance across broader ESG topics including 
inclusion & diversity, social impact and responsible 
business conduct. See more information about our 
sustainability strategy, and the materiality assessment 
that informs it, on Bupa.com and the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) table 
on page 101. 
In 2022 we started our Sustainability Academy, 
beginning with upskilling our leadership including 
the Board and CEC, and priority functions on climate-
related issues, to increase understanding of their 
impacts to Bupa, and the impacts on the environment 
and society from Bupa, as well as how Bupa can play 
its part to drive transformative change in climate and 
health. The Academy curriculum will be developed 
further through 2023. 
See Bupa.com here for more information on our 
approach to sustainability. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 22 
 
      
   
     
   
     
  
 
      
 
  
  
 
 
      
    
  
   
  
     
     
 
   
  
   
     
     
   
    
 
   
      
      
     
    
  
 
    
   
   
    
   
    
      
    
  
     
     
     
     
 
 
  
    
     
   
     
   
     
 
 
     
    
  
   
    
  
  
   
     
    
  
   
 
 
   
     
    
     
   
     
   
    
  
   
          
      
          
   
   
’
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Sustainability and ESG continued 
Mission 2040 
Our mission to build a healthier future 
Mission 
Zero 
By 2040 we will provide 
healthcare solutions that 
deliver a healthy future for 
people and planet 
▪ Being a net zero business 
and supporting others to do 
the same 
▪ Pioneering the circular 
economy in healthcare 
▪ Transforming our products 
and services to support the 
health of our customers and 
lower the environmental 
impact of our care 
Net Zero 
Our headline KPI 
By 2040 we will be a Net 
Zero business to help deliver a 
healthy future for people and 
planet. 
for people and planet 
Mission 
Accelerate 
By 2040 we will have used 
research, collaboration, 
and innovation to 
accelerate sustainable 
healthcare solutions 
▪ Investing in and delivering 
innovations (including 
through eco-Disruptive)1 
that create a sustainable 
healthcare system for all 
▪ Funding, curating and 
applying research into the 
links between health, 
healthcare and a healthy 
planet, and using data to help 
drive positive change across 
the healthcare industry 
▪ Advocating for action on core 
issue areas to support the 
health of people and planet, 
enabling the delivery of more 
sustainable healthcare 
500 start-ups 
Our headline KPI 
By 2025 we will engage 
500 start-ups and other key 
innovation partners to deliver 
at least one scalable sustainable 
healthcare solution per year 
and share these insights with 
our partners. 
Mission 
Regenerate 
By 2040 we will play a 
leading role to improve 
people s health through 
the restoration and 
regeneration of nature 
▪ Providing opportunities 
for people to enhance their 
physical and mental health 
through community-based 
programmes that restore 
and regenerate the health 
of the planet 
▪ Developing and 
participating in partnerships 
to bring clinical expertise to 
drive human health benefits 
through conserving, 
restoring and regenerating 
natural ecosystems 
1 million 
Our headline KPI 
By 2025 we will have 
supported one million people 
each year to improve their 
physical and mental health 
by scaling initiatives like our 
Healthy Cities programme 
that help restore and 
regenerate nature. 
Our broader ESG action 
Strong action on wider ESG topics, including inclusion and diversity, responsible 
business conduct, social impact, governance and transparency 
1. https://www.bupa.com/sustainability/mission-accelerate/eco-disruptive-challenge 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 23 
  
       
      
      
       
       
        
       
      
        
       
      
      
         
          
 
           
         
        
          
      
      
        
        
          
      
         
         
         
    
 
        
        
         
         
       
        
             
         
      
       
    
      
  
         
         
       
        
        
       
    
          
        
         
        
         
           
     
           
         
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Sustainability and ESG continued 
Sustainability governance 
Progress against the sustainability strategy is reported 
monthly to the Sustainability Steering Committee, 
which comprises C-level executives responsible for 
reviewing the Group’s sustainability and ESG agenda, 
including risks and opportunities. It oversees reporting, 
and finalises recommendations to the Group CEO, CEC, 
Board Sustainability Committee and Board. More details 
on our CEC, Board Sustainability Committee, and 
Board can be found on Bupa.com here and here. 
See Bupa.com here for more information on 
our sustainability governance structure. Additional 
information on sustainability and ESG governance 
can also be found in the Governance section on 
page 55 and in the TCFD Disclosures on page 101. 
Our Missions 
In this section we will cover the three Mission pillars of 
our sustainability strategy, as well as the broader ESG 
topics that provide foundational support to the strategy 
delivery for which we have key updates to share. Details 
contained within both the Responsible investment 
section and the Sustainable procurement section 
provide insight into some of our approaches to 
responsible business but also link with and contribute 
to the achievement of our Mission Zero ambitions. The 
Contribution to communities and Bupa Foundations 
sections not only detail how we are working towards 
our Mission Regenerate goals but also how we are 
creating wider social impact which is one of our 
broader ESG action topics. 
Mission Zero 
Mission Zero aims to transform Bupa to provide 
healthcare solutions that deliver a healthy future for 
people and planet by 2040. Here are some details 
on how we are working towards that goal. 
We are committed to achieving our two major 
Mission Zero milestones: a net zero business in Scope 
1 and 2 by 2030 and across all scopes by 2040. Visit 
Bupa.com here for more information on our net zero 
commitments, 1.5°C aligned Science Based Targets 
(SBTs) and interim target. For more information 
regarding our investment temperature alignment 
SBT, please see the Responsible investment section 
on page 32. 
We have identified the focal areas that are central 
to the delivery of Mission Zero, which include 
decarbonisation of our own operations, our supply 
chain, and healthcare provision, as well as the 
digitalisation of our products and services and delivery 
of sustainable healthcare. Action will therefore be 
targeted towards these areas. 
One of the key highlights from the past year involves 
the increased use of renewable energy across our 
business. In February 2022, we started the supply of 
renewable electricity to all our Australian care homes 
and our corporate offices in Melbourne and Sydney, for 
the next five years. This means that globally we now use 
84% renewable electricity across our operations.1 
1. Where actual data is not available, 2022 renewable electricity data is 
estimated based on, but not limited to previous consumption trends. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 24 
        
           
          
             
         
        
         
        
        
         
       
         
        
           
         
           
      
       
        
        
       
      
       
      
        
      
     
         
        
       
        
          
         
           
       
          
           
       
        
      
         
          
       
         
    
         
         
        
         
        
      
       
           
          
       
      
          
         
         
        
       
       
  
        
        
         
        
      
    
         
        
       
           
       
          
        
    
      
 
        
        
        
         
      
           
          
         
        
         
        
          
        
        
       
         
        
       
        
        
        
      
       
        
       
        
            
            
   
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Sustainability and ESG continued 
In 2022, we also began developing our global 
scope 1 and 2 decarbonisation roadmap, in line with 
our commitment to be net zero across those scopes 
by 2030 and our SBTs. This will allow us to identify our 
focus for action and where core investment is needed 
in new technologies and energy reduction solutions. 
This project will feed into the wider Climate Transition 
Plan (development due to commence in 2023) which 
will outline our approach for transitioning to a zero-
carbon economy. In parallel, we have also built resource 
efficiency and decarbonisation plans into our three 
year business planning cycle, enabling Market Units to 
identify the investment needed to decarbonise in line 
with our target to reduce our scope 1 and 2 greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions across our global operations by at 
least 40% by 2025, and achieve our 2030 (scope 1 and 
2) and 2034 (scope 3) SBTs. 
We have mobilised a new Group Investment Fund 
(GIF) over 2022-2025. This enables the making of 
strategic investments to support the delivery of our 
sustainability strategy, such as investing in operational 
transformation, decarbonisation of our operations and 
value chain, and investing in programmes that focus 
on the interdependence between healthy lifestyles 
and healthy environments to develop resilience in 
individuals and the wider community (see Healthy 
Cities information on page 31). 
We have also established new ways of working within 
the business to help accelerate the real-world actions 
and reporting of our decarbonisation transition. We’ve 
established new sustainable finance teams at Group and 
within our Market Units, with the aim of building our 
capability to apply a sustainability lens to all business 
decisions, and who as part of their remit now lead our 
scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reporting. 
In 2022, we also calculated our draft 2020 and 2021 
scope 3 value chain GHG emissions in line with the GHG 
Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting 
and Reporting Standard. We have also assessed our 
progress against our investment temperature alignment 
SBT. These numbers are due to be finalised in 2023 
and we aim to publish on Bupa.com in due course. 
Understanding our scope 3 GHG emissions allows us 
to monitor our progress against our SBTs and identify 
our priority action areas. 
We have launched new working groups, both at a 
Market Unit and Group level, to bring together core 
functions from across the business to share knowledge, 
best practice and drive action. For example, our Scope 
3 Strategy and Action working group was established 
to address material scope 3 emissions impacts. 
To demonstrate this commitment and the progress 
that has been made so far, Bupa has been recognised 
as part of the UN-backed Race to Zero campaign 
membership, through the Health Care Without Harm 
‘Health Care Climate Challenge Awards’, receiving 
several awards in 2022. More details can be found here. 
Most of Bupa’s GHG emissions are generated in our 
value chain (scope 3), and especially by our suppliers 
and our healthcare providers. That’s why we have 
focused on engaging our biggest suppliers and 
healthcare providers on aligning with our scope 3 
net zero target. 
We have focused on strategic suppliers (i.e. very 
large suppliers or suppliers where there is multi-
Market Unit spend) along with suppliers who contribute 
most greatly to our emissions. For more information 
regarding our approach to sustainable procurement, 
please see page 32. 
We have also started engaging with our UK healthcare 
providers to support our net zero 2040 ambition 
through reductions in scope 3 emissions, focusing 
on our key strategic partners to start to co-develop a 
dashboard comparing the progress of hospital groups. 
To find out more information on how we’re reducing our 
impact on the environment, please visit the Mission Zero 
page on Bupa.com here. 
2022 Group and UK operations GHG 
emissions footprint 
In accordance with the Streamlined Energy and Carbon 
Reporting (SECR) requirements of a large unquoted UK 
company, we are reporting our UK-based energy usage 
and GHG emissions. In addition, we are reporting the 
Group's energy consumption and GHG emissions 
compared to full year 2021, and 2019, our base year, to 
show progress against our interim scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions reduction target of 40% by 2025. We will 
publish our detailed full year 2022 GHG emissions 
report covering scope 1, 2 and selected scope 3 
(category 3 - fuel and energy-related activities and 
category 6 - business travel) later in 2023 on Bupa.com 
following external limited assurance. Our full year 2022 
GHG emissions report will reflect our most up-to-date 
GHG emissions position, including actual fourth quarter 
activity data which, in part, has been estimated based 
on, but not limited to previous consumption trends. 
We adopt the operational control approach, meaning 
we account for 100% of emissions from business 
locations over which we have control. Under this 
approach, control is considered where we have the 
authority to introduce and implement operational 
policies. In accordance with the GHG Protocol’s 
guidance on dual-reporting, we report scope 2 GHG 
emissions using both the location and market-based 
approach. Our GHG emissions reporting criteria can be 
found here and sets out the basis of preparation of our 
scope 1 and 2 and selected scope 3 (category 3 and 
category 6) GHG emissions. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 25 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
     
     
 
     
   
       
   
   
     
   
        
   
   
   
        
   
   
   
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
     
     
 
     
   
       
   
   
     
   
        
   
   
   
        
   
   
   
                         
                       
                      
         
                           
                     
                       
                       
                          
          
                         
                  
                       
                     
                          
               
                     
                 
  
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Sustainability and ESG continued 
Inc/(Dec) Inc/(Dec) 
% change % change 
Group Unit 20223 2021 2019 vs. 2021 vs. 2019 
1Total energy usage kWh 489,052,953 508,813,854 508,743,037 (4%) (4%) 
GHG emissions2 
Scope 15 tCO2e 46,798 49,1154 49,444 (5%) (5%) 
Scope 25 
Market-based tCO2e 31,997 57,1874 72,061 (44%) (56%) 
Location-based tCO2e 99,359 106,6554 108,541 (7%) (8%) 
Total scope 1 and 2 (market-based)5 tCO2e 78,795 106,3024 121,505 (26%) (35%) 
Total scope 1 and 2 (location-based)5 tCO2e 146,157 155,7704 157,985 (6%) (7%) 
Scope 3 
Fuel and energy-related activities (category 3) tCO2e 31,014 32,067 28,939 (3%) 7% 
Business travel (category 6) tCO2e 7,659 2,517 18,429 204% (58%) 
Total selected scope 3 (category 3 and 6)5 tCO2e 38,673 34,5844 47,368 12% (18%) 
Total reported market-based emissions5 tCO2e 117,468 140,8864 168,873 (17%) (30%) 
Total reported location-based emissions5 tCO2e 184,830 190,3544 205,353 (3%) (10%) 
% of renewable electricity % 84% 73% 54% 11 ppt 30 ppt 
Energy intensity kWh per customer 15.51 17.94 18.90 (14%) (18%) 
Market-based scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity metrics6 
tCO2e / £m revenue 5.65 8.24 9.87 (31%) (43%) 
tCO2e / k customers 2.50 3.75 4.51 (33%) (45%) 
tCO2e / average employees 0.97 1.30 1.56 (25%) (38%) 
Location-based scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity metrics6 
tCO2e / £m revenue 10.47 12.07 12.83 (13%) (18%) 
tCO2e / k customers 4.63 5.49 5.87 (16%) (21%) 
tCO2e / average employees 1.79 1.91 2.03 (5%) (11%) 
Inc/(Dec) Inc/(Dec) 
% change % change 
UK operations (SECR) Unit 2022 2021 2019 vs. 2021 vs. 2019 
1Total energy usage kWh 148,862,220 162,694,528 163,830,698 (9%) (9%) 
GHG emissions2 
Scope 1 tCO2e 16,637 19,392 20,408 (14%) (18%) 
Scope 2 
Market-based tCO2e 920 786 1,200 17% (23%) 
Location-based tCO2e 11,107 12,535 14,938 (11%) (26%) 
Total scope 1 and 2 (market-based) tCO2e 17,557 20,178 21,608 (13%) (19%) 
Total scope 1 and 2 (location-based) tCO2e 27,744 31,927 35,346 (13%) (22%) 
Scope 3 
Fuel and energy-related activities (category 3) tCO2e 6,728 7,813 5,897 (14%) 14% 
Business travel (category 6) tCO2e 2,501 559 7,114 347% (65%) 
Total selected scope 3 (category 3 and 6) tCO2e 9,229 8,372 13,011 10% (29%) 
Total reported market-based emissions tCO2e 26,786 28,550 34,619 (6%) (23%) 
Total reported location-based emissions tCO2e 36,973 40,299 48,357 (8%) (24%) 
% of renewable electricity % 95% 96% 94% (1 ppt) 1 ppt 
Energy intensity kWh per customer 23.79 28.66 26.83 (17%) (11%) 
Market-based scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity metrics6 
tCO2e / £m revenue 4.68 5.94 6.50 (21%) (28%) 
tCO2e / k customers 2.81 3.56 3.54 (21%) (21%) 
tCO2e / average employees 0.76 0.85 0.95 (8%) (18%) 
Location-based scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity metrics6 
tCO2e / £m revenue 7.39 9.40 10.64 (21%) (31%) 
tCO2e / k customers 4.43 5.63 5.79 (21%) (23%) 
tCO2e / average employees 1.19 1.35 1.55 (9%) (21%) 
1. Total energy usage includes scope 1 and 2 consumption and car hire and private cars used for business purposes. Conversion factors issued by the UK 
Government's former BEIS department are applied to convert distance travelled data to kWh’s. Actual consumption is captured from a variety of sources including 
meter readings, supplier reports and supplier invoices where actual or estimated consumption is provided. Where actual data is not available, consumption is 
estimated based on, but not limited, to previous consumption trends. 
2. Scope 1 (direct) emissions are from the combustion of fuels as part of stationary sources e.g. natural gas and liquefied petroleum gas, and from combustion of fuels 
in company owned and leased controlled mobile combustion sources, e.g. company vehicles. Release of anaesthetic gases from medical procedures and refrigerant 
losses are also included. Scope 2 (indirect) emission sources are from purchased electricity and district heating and cooling. Our reported selected scope 3 
(indirect) emissions are from i) category 3: well-to-tank and transmission and distribution (T&D) losses associated with scope 1 and scope 2 energy consumption 
and ii) category 6: business travel which includes air and train travel, taxis, car hire and employee vehicles (business mileage only). Other scope 3 'value chain' 
categories are being finalised and will be published in due course. 
A number of emission factor sets are used in the calculation of GHG emissions including BEIS, International Energy Agency (IEA) and the Australian Clean Energy 
Regulator (CER). For 2022, emission factors issued by IEA and CER (scope 2) are applied on a prospective basis. 
3. Our 2022 Group GHG emissions (scope 1, 2 and selected scope 3 categories) will be subject to external limited assurance later in 2023. 
4. Independent limited assurance provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for 2021 Group scope 1, 2 and total selected scope 3 (category 3 and 6). 
5. Independent limited assurance provided by The Carbon Trust for 2019 Group scope 1, 2 and selected scope 3 (category 3 - T&D losses only and category 6). 
Data has been updated following external assurance mainly to reflect a number of divestments and acquisitions. 
6. As reported in the Group’s annual report - Group revenue (financial statements: Note 2.1), total average employees (financial statements: Note 2.3.1) and 
customer numbers (excluding our associate businesses). UK operations reflects BGUK revenue and customer numbers. Average employees includes BGUK 
and Group Functions. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 26 
    
          
        
         
        
       
        
       
       
          
           
       
       
         
         
       
       
       
 
        
        
           
         
       
         
       
         
         
           
         
     
     
  
          
         
       
       
       
           
      
      
      
       
        
       
          
         
   
        
      
       
      
        
   
       
  
      
       
        
        
 
       
 
        
          
         
        
         
     
   
         
           
         
        
       
      
         
         
        
       
       
         
       
      
        
      
      
           
          
         
       
         
       
        
       
           
        
  
       
         
      
       
       
        
      
       
 
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Sustainability and ESG continued 
Market-based GHG emissions performance 
Group 
In 2022, the Group’s market-based scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions reduced by 26% (27,507 tCO2e) to 78,795 
tCO2e (2021: 106,302 tCO2e) mainly due to lower scope 
2 GHG emissions (down 44%, 25,190 tCO2e) following 
the implementation of a Power Purchase Agreement 
(PPA) in Australia from February 2022. This has 
resulted in the increased proportion of renewable 
electricity consumption by 11 percentage points to 
84% (FY 2021: 73%). Scope 1 emissions are lower 
by 5% (2,317 tCO2e) mainly reflecting the benefit of 
decarbonisation initiatives in BGUK and ELA together 
with higher average UK temperatures this year 
compared to last year. Our selected scope 3 emissions 
increased this year by 4,089 tCO2e to 38,673 tCO2e 
(2021: 34,584 tCO2e), following the easing of COVID-19-
related government travel restrictions. Scope 3 business 
travel emissions are down on 2019 by 58%. 
UK operations 
2022 market-based scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 
decreased by 13% (2,621 tCO2e) to 17,557 tCO2e, 
(2021: 20,178 tCO2e) as a result of a reduction in 
scope 1 emissions primarily due to decarbonisation 
initiatives and higher average UK temperatures this 
year compared to last year. The proportion of 
renewable electricity consumption in the UK remained 
broadly stable compared to last year (FY 2022: 95%; 
FY 2021: 96%). Selected scope 3 emissions increased 
by 857 tCO2e to 9,229 tCO2e (2021: 8,372 tCO2e) mainly 
due to higher business travel emissions. Business travel 
emissions are 65% lower than 2019. 
GHG emissions reduction and energy 
management activities 
During 2022, we acted on a series of initiatives across 
our Market Units to support our net zero ambitions: 
BGUK 
▪ The implementation of IT server room temperature
optimisation across all Business Units following trials
in 2021, which involved increasing the temperature
in the server rooms over a test period to reduce
the amount of cooling required.
▪ Continuing the optimisation of the temperature
settings via our Building Energy Management
Systems (BEMS) within care services, clinics, and
offices. The optimisation at our offices in Staines
generated a 60% saving on gas consumption,
equivalent to 52 tCO2e for one site alone. The BMS
optimisation will be rolled out to our offices in
Manchester in early 2023. 
▪ Changing the electricity supply to our office in
London to 100% renewable from October 2022.
▪ Launching an electric vehicle salary sacrifice scheme
across the UK, enabling UK-based permanent
colleagues to have the option of leasing an
electric vehicle.
▪ Installing electric vehicle charging points at our
offices in Staines.
ELA 
▪ Switching 12 sites onto renewable electricity 
contracts in Poland. This expansion means that 
around 50% of our electricity consumption in Poland 
is now from renewable sources compared with c.42% 
in 2021. 
▪ Switching our Türkiye head office onto renewable
electricity. 
▪ Expanding the solar panel installations in our Spanish 
care homes, and in our La Moraleja hospital in Madrid. 
APAC 
▪ As also referenced on page 24, implementing a PPA
in Australia which started the supply of renewable
electricity to all our Australian care homes and our
corporate offices in Melbourne and Sydney. 
Sustainable products & services 
As referenced on page 7, our 3x6 strategy includes 
three ambition KPIs - one of which is for 60% of 
customers to actively interact with Bupa on our digital 
platforms. As such, we are strengthening our digital 
health capabilities to reduce emissions while continuing 
to deliver customer-centric, high-quality healthcare. Our 
ambition is to provide customers in all our geographies 
access to a digital health solution that delivers primary 
and specialist virtual care, virtual health coaching and 
prevention, and virtual services for chronic conditions. 
Typically, digital interactions - whether for healthcare 
delivery or managing a health insurance policy - are 
associated with lower emissions by reducing emissions 
intensive activities within physical health provision. 
Digital healthcare also reduces the need for customer 
travel to and from a health treatment. 
Educating our customers about the environmental 
impact of their choices is also key so they can make 
informed decisions. We are enhancing how we do this -
for example, in Spain, our business has launched a 
carbon calculator which shows customers the amount 
of GHG emissions saved by opting for a digital 
consultation or downloading a digital medical report 
rather than in-person appointment or printed report. In 
2022, around 771,000 digital consultations took place 
using the Blua app, which has the potential to avoid up 
to 8,000 tCO2e from the prevention of unnecessary 
patient travel. 
In addition, our health services business in Hong 
Kong SAR was the first provider in the territory to 
offer virtual consultations and remote drug delivery 
– with over 11,000 virtual consultations delivered in
2022. Digihealth Point was also launched to support
chronic care management with a dedicated team of
healthcare professionals charged to enhance patient
health outcomes via a 'Prediction, Prevention and
Treatment' approach.
Bupa Annual Report 2022 27 
  
       
        
         
        
      
       
  
      
        
        
       
     
   
    
 
   
 
      
  
   
     
 
    
     
     
 
 
        
          
        
       
         
 
        
         
  
      
     
        
      
       
  
       
     
       
      
         
         
        
    
 
        
          
       
         
          
      
        
        
     
         
       
        
          
     
           
       
        
          
   
        
  
        
       
       
        
        
         
       
         
       
       
    
          
   
   
-
- -
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Sustainability and ESG continued 
Sustainable healthcare 
In 2022, we began to embed sustainability within 
our clinical community. We use the term sustainable 
healthcare to describe a system that meets the health 
needs of the present, without compromising the health 
of future generations – delivering high-quality care 
in an affordable way, while minimising the impact 
on the environment. 
There are a significant number of opportunities 
to reduce the environmental impact of care that 
we fund and deliver, and in 2022 we identified 
six initiatives to help provide direction and 
consistency across our businesses around 
sustainable healthcare. These are: 
1. Reducing emissions associated with 
anaesthetic gases; 
2. Reducing waste associated with 
unnecessary PPE; 
3. Reducing medicines waste due to sub optimal 
prescribing and compliance; 
4. Reducing our environmental footprint 
related to sustenance (i.e. feeding patients 
and customers); 
5. Measuring the environmental benefits 
associated with optimising care pathways; and 
6. Increasing the proportion of digital 
interactions/appointments instead 
of face to face. 
It is our expectation that these practical initiatives 
will inspire, drive engagement and raise the profile of 
sustainable healthcare across Bupa, at the same time 
as generating thought leadership and demonstrating 
the progress towards – and authenticity of – our 
sustainability ambitions. 
The six initiatives were identified with our Business 
Units in mind, with the following criteria applied during 
the identification process: 
▪ Measurable – initiatives should generate robust 
data around health and environment. 
▪ Material – initiatives should have a material and 
scalable impact in respect of our strategy. 
▪ Marketable – initiatives should support our external 
sustainability advocacy ambitions. 
▪ Manageable – initiatives should be simple to 
implement and build on existing initiatives. 
The six initiatives will be accompanied by 
implementation toolkits, that include evidence, insights 
and example case studies, to facilitate the initiation of 
these projects within our clinical settings, with the aim 
that all six initiatives will be implemented across 
different business units during 2023. 
Mission Accelerate 
Mission Accelerate aims to engage at least 500 start-
ups and other key innovation partners to deliver at least 
one scalable sustainable healthcare solution per year 
and share these insights with our partners. Here are 
some details on how we are working towards that goal. 
eco-Disruptive 
eco-Disruptive, our global talent and innovation 
programme, is a key component of Mission Accelerate. 
In 2022, we ran the programme across: Australia, 
Bolivia, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Hong Kong 
SAR, Mexico, Panama, Spain and the UK. For more 
information, please visit Bupa.com here. In 2022, 
a total of 1,086 start-ups were engaged. 
Additionally in 2022, in line with our ambition to deliver 
scalable sustainable healthcare solutions, the winner 
of the 2021 edition (Circoolar) rolled out a pilot in 10 
Spanish dental clinics to provide sustainable dental 
uniforms. Following a successful pilot we are planning 
to extend the use of sustainable uniforms to the other 
190 clinics in 2023. 
Australian based start-up, Cassava Bags, the 2022 eco-Disruptive winner. 
Advocacy and coalitions 
Through our climate and health advocacy and work 
with coalitions we are collaborating with organisations 
across the healthcare sector and wider private sector 
to accelerate the transition towards a net zero future. 
In 2022, we joined forces with international NGO 
Forum for the Future and leading healthcare businesses 
Haleon, Reckitt and Walgreens Boots Alliance to 
mobilise and equip the private sector to accelerate the 
integrated transformation of our health and climate 
systems, towards outcomes that deliver benefits for 
both people and planet. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 28 
     
   
    
   
         
          
         
       
        
        
  
         
        
          
       
        
 
           
         
       
        
       
         
 
        
 
        
          
        
       
          
  
  
         
         
        
          
       
      
 
       
       
        
       
       
  
        
         
       
       
  
         
       
   
 
        
        
        
       
     
  
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Sustainability and ESG continued 
We joined the Sustainable Healthcare Coalition, 
a public-private healthcare collaboration, 
established to drive sustainable healthcare 
and business transformation. 
We also joined the climate and health conversations at 
Climate Week NYC and COP27 in Egypt, taking part in 
events with our partners. As founding members of the 
Climate and Health Coalition, we launched updated 
guidance for the private sector to deliver integrated 
climate and health strategies. More information can be 
found here. 
In addition, we joined Health Care Without Harm, who 
we're collaborating with as members of the UN-backed 
campaign Race to Zero, for a conversation with the UN 
Climate Champions and the World Health Organization 
about how we build resilient and net zero climate 
health systems. 
We took part in the Ride for their Lives campaign again, 
organising a collaborative bike ride in the UK with 
partners across the healthcare sector. This global 
initiative (see more detail here) is mobilising the 
healthcare community to advocate for climate action 
and raise awareness of the link between human and 
planetary health. 
Bupa employees participating in 'Ride for their Lives 2022'. 
Mission Regenerate 
Mission Regenerate aims to support one million people 
each year by 2025 to improve their physical and mental 
health by scaling initiatives like our Healthy Cities 
programme that help restore and regenerate nature. 
Here are some details on how we are working towards 
that goal. 
Contribution to communities 
In 2022, we invested £10.5m in our communities helping 
to support healthy people and a healthy planet. This 
includes financial donations to charities, funding to the 
Bupa Foundations in Australia, Spain and the UK, as well 
as volunteering hours and in-kind support, measured 
using the Business for Societal Impact methodology. 
ELA 
▪ Our ‘Huellas de Cambio’ programme (Footprints of 
Change) continued in schools in Ecuador, Panama, 
Peru and the Dominican Republic to inspire and 
enable 2,000 young people, their families, and 
communities, to take care of their health and 
the planet. 
▪ We continued working with Chile’s largest aged care 
NGO, Fundación Las Rosas, to enable training and a 
medical volunteer programme for doctors to attend 
in-home consultations to review care and mental 
health needs. 
▪ Details on the medical care provided by LUX MED’s 
healthcare facilities to Ukrainian refugees can be 
found on page 35. 
APAC 
▪ We engaged thousands of people to support their 
health and wellbeing and planted more than 16,000 
native trees in New Zealand and Hong Kong. 
▪ We increased our volunteering efforts and supported 
disaster relief programmes, including flood relief 
in Australia. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 29 
       
        
     
       
          
         
    
       
       
        
       
        
        
   
         
       
         
  
        
 
 
 
       
   
   
      
   
    
     
   
     
    
    
    
    
    
    
   
     
      
    
    
    
     
     
     
      
    
    
   
      
    
 
     
       
       
      
       
      
  
    
     
     
      
       
     
     
      
     
     
  
     
     
    
     
     
   
     
     
    
      
      
    
     
     
   
     
    
    
     
        
    
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Sustainability and ESG continued 
BGUK 
▪ We ran our #1MillionMinutes campaign, during which 
our people donated over 1.2 million minutes to 
support community initiatives including foodbanks, 
litter-picking, beach cleans and gardening in local 
parks. We made donations to Trees for Cities to plant 
trees for healthier air in schools and to support 
UNICEF’s relief efforts in Ukraine. 
▪ We continued to support the social mobility 
charity, Career Ready, with employees volunteering 
as mentors for students. We provided 39 paid 
internships and ran workplace visits and career 
insight sessions. We continued to help fund Career 
Ready’s work so that more students could benefit 
from internships and mentoring. 
▪ As part of the community activation for COP27, our 
team in Egypt supported the non-profit organisation, 
VeryNile, to remove 10 tonnes of plastic waste from 
the Nile. 
Bupa volunteer participating in the VeryNile initiative in Egypt 
during COP27. 
Our Foundations 
Bupa Foundation in 
Sanitas Foundation Bupa Foundation in the UK and Ireland Australia and New Zealand 
For more than a decade the 
Sanitas flagship programme 
'Inclusive Sport' has promoted 
sports between people with and 
without disabilities, including 
working with the Alliance for 
Inclusive Sports training teachers 
in schools and supporting 
disabled students to take part 
in physical education classes. 
In 2022, the Foundation 
supported the first senior-level 
Spanish Inclusive Championships 
of table tennis, badminton and 
triathlon. It also expanded its MIR 
(medico interno residente) prize, 
which recognises the best 
Resident Internal Physician, with 
the first EIR (enfermeria interno 
residente) award for the best 
Nursing student in Spain. Finally, 
it launched a new project to 
support vulnerable people by 
offering psychological, dental and 
maternal child health services. 
The Foundation invested over £1m focusing 
on practical projects which support 
people’s wellbeing. 
The Wellbeing for Educators programme 
provided more than 1,600 people who work 
in schools and charities with free wellbeing 
workshops delivered by Bupa coaches. 71% 
of attendees have tried adopting a more 
positive attitude in daily life and work 
as a result. 
Bupa employees volunteered their time 
to lead Bupa Foundation Community 
Committees in Leeds, Brighton, London, 
Staines, Dublin and Salford. We supported 
67 charities with over £400,000 in grants. 
Projects supported included the Single 
Homeless Project’s gardening therapy in 
London, Get Out More outdoor activities 
programme in Bradford and Dentaid’s 
mobile dental care clinics for vulnerable 
and homeless people. 
The Foundation continued its focus 
on building mentally healthy and 
resilient communities and addressing 
the health impacts of climate change. 
Together with partners Kids Helpline, 
UNICEF Australia, Conservation 
Volunteers Australia and Trees that 
Count New Zealand, we engaged 
more than 62,000 people, 
supporting them to care for their 
health and the health of the planet. 
The Foundation Community Grants 
programme awarded £147,000 to 28 
local initiatives providing funding to 
support communities across 
Australia and New Zealand. Projects 
included yoga for emergency 
response workers and military 
veterans, and support for athletes 
who are blind or have a disability to 
participate in community events. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 30 
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Sustainability and ESG continued 
Sanitas leaders gathered at Healthy Cities event. 
Healthy Cities 
For the past seven years, the Healthy Cities programme 
has run across our business in Spain, and more recently 
across other countries in our Europe and Latin America 
Market Unit. It mobilises our people, corporate and 
individual customers and communities to take part 
in activities that are good for their health. In turn, 
Bupa invests in restoring and regenerating urban 
environments, working in partnership with organisations 
to help make cities healthier places for people to 
live and thrive in. 
The 2022 edition of Healthy Cities achieved: 
▪ Over 300 companies and 83 cities and regions 
involved across Poland, Spain, Chile and Mexico. 
Paralympics Partnerships 
We became the Official Healthcare Partner to 
ParalympicsGB and Paralympics Australia in 2022, 
joining our existing partnerships with Paralympians 
in Spain, Poland and Chile. 
These partnerships will support athletes on their 
journey to Paris 2024 and beyond, while also promoting 
greater inclusivity in healthcare and society for people 
with disabilities. 
 
 
 
 
 
▪ Five billion steps taken by participants. 
▪ Regeneration of ten urban environments across 
Poland, Spain, Chile and Mexico. 
▪ Over 88,000 trees planted. 
▪ Partnerships with WWF, the Spanish Heart 
Foundation, the Spanish, Chilean and Polish Olympic 
and Paralympic Committees, Warsaw School of 
Economics, the Polish State Forest, the Catholic 
University of Chile, and Pymo and Promesa in Mexico. 
Work is now under way to not only continue delivering 
the regeneration projects, but also to scale up the 
programme globally. 
Iñaki Ereño, Group CEO, and Carlos Jaureguizar, Bupa Global & UK CEO, 
at the launch of the Paralympics GB partnership with Paralympians Aaron 
Phipps and Natalie Jones. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 31 
  
        
        
       
         
        
      
          
      
  
         
       
        
           
        
      
         
          
        
       
       
       
         
         
         
        
         
        
       
     
          
       
       
         
        
    
           
  
  
         
            
        
        
         
       
  
      
      
 
     
 
       
      
       
 
       
       
       
        
         
  
      
         
        
      
       
        
       
       
        
         
  
        
         
      
          
          
 
     
      
    
      
     
        
      
      
 
   
         
         
          
         
         
       
    
         
         
        
          
         
          
       
         
     
      
        
      
       
       
         
        
         
        
      
   
         
        
          
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Sustainability and ESG continued 
Broader ESG action 
While our sustainability strategy focuses our action on 
the three Mission pillars outlined above, we recognise 
the importance of strong foundational performance on 
wider ESG topics to underpin this focused action. The 
specific ESG topics covered in the section below are: 
(i) responsible investment; (ii) sustainable procurement; 
(iii) gender pay gap; (iv) business ethics and (v) an 
overview of our sustainability and ESG disclosures. 
Responsible investment 
We believe ESG factors present both risks to the long-
term performance of our financial investments, and 
opportunities to improve the impact of the investments 
on society and the environment. We aim to invest in a 
responsible manner which is aligned with our purpose, 
strategy and climate ambitions. Our investment 
portfolio is largely invested in cash and deposits, but 
with an allocation to bonds and loans managed by third 
parties. We ensure that our sustainability strategy and 
ESG factors are incorporated in all investment decision-
making and prohibit investments in certain sectors 
(including coal, tar sands, tobacco and controversial 
weapons)1, and also place exposure limits on the sectors 
and countries most at risk from climate change. We 
have set targets, including a 1.5°C by 2040 temperature 
alignment target validated by the Science Based Target 
initiative (SBTi), to reduce the GHG emissions of our 
investments, and we are taking action to achieve 
emissions reduction while helping to finance the 
transition to a low carbon economy. 
We are a signatory to the UN Principles for Responsible 
Investment (PRI), and members of the Institutional 
Investors Group on Climate Change (IIGCC) and 
the UK Sustainable Investment Forum (UK SIF). 
For more information please see our Responsible 
Investment page on Bupa.com here. 
1. If revenues generated from these activities exceed 5% of total revenues 
for the company. 
Sustainable procurement 
As mentioned in the Mission Zero section, most of 
our GHG emissions are in our value chain. That’s why in 
2022 we have focused on establishing our procurement 
sustainability programme to work with our suppliers to 
drive down our scope 3 emissions and innovate lower 
carbon products and services. The following was 
delivered in 2022. 
1. A global approach for procurement, which includes: 
▪ Agreed targets and ambitions to support 
Mission Zero. 
▪ Enhanced ESG risk assessment for new/ 
changed service. 
▪ Inclusion of ESG due diligence in supplier onboarding. 
▪ A strategic and collaborative approach, across 
all procurement categories, to meeting our 
procurement targets. 
We have begun supplier engagement to understand 
their: (i) sustainability strategy ambitions; (ii) key 
targets (carbon, waste, water); (iii) external target 
setting (SBTi) and (iv) Inclusion and Diversity approach, 
and to test Bupa's supply chain maturity regarding net 
zero and ESG. 
This information helped develop focused objectives 
for 2023, enabling education for less mature suppliers, 
and collaboration with the more mature suppliers. By 
embracing both approaches, Bupa will successfully 
progress against our targets, but most importantly, 
influence our supply chain to continually improve -
in line with Bupa’s sustainability strategy ambitions. 
2. A refined Responsible Supply Chain Statement which 
outlines the minimum standards that we expect from 
our suppliers across a range of ESG and Responsible 
Business Conduct metrics. 
In 2022, we further refined the requirements needed 
to deliver our sustainability commitments – a robust 
programme of ESG focus, enhancement and 
change. This ensures that our supply chain is aware 
of our updated expectations to allow us to work 
together successfully. 
The changes within the statement include: 
▪ Required commitment from the supplier to 
support Bupa’s sustainability ambitions 
▪ An increased focus on all ESG topics 
▪ Encouraging annual carbon emissions reporting 
and production of a Carbon Reduction Plan 
from the supply chain 
▪ A focus on innovation and collaboration 
with suppliers. 
Gender pay gap 
The gender pay gap is used across various regions 
to identify where organisations have a disparity in 
the average pay of male and female employees. Bupa 
operates in four countries that require gender pay gap 
reporting: Australia, Chile, Spain and the UK. While the 
regulations vary slightly by location, the overall 
approach is broadly the same. 
With most of our workforce in each location being 
made up of women, aggregate pay gaps can be 
misleading, masking the reality of pay levels at 
different levels and in different roles. This year we 
have reviewed the multi-year trends in the gender 
pay gap for each location, however, for many reasons, 
direct comparisons between locations are not possible 
due to societal structures; business models, union 
arrangements, and reporting methodologies. More 
granular analyses has been conducted locally, 
providing a more useful assessment for addressing 
areas of opportunity and defining key actions. 
In general, our provision businesses continue to 
see higher female representation, therefore seeing 
a significant imbalance with the proportion of male 
employees in our lower pay quartiles, thus impacting 
our Gender Pay Gap. However, we have seen an 
encouraging reduction in the gap across our health 
services and provision businesses globally (including 
admin and customer service). 
In our insurance and corporate roles, our overall gender 
balance has remained consistent to previous years with 
fewer females in the higher pay quartiles and few males 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 32 
           
         
         
      
        
        
         
         
          
         
        
            
    
       
     
       
       
         
        
       
       
         
       
       
        
         
      
          
        
       
         
 
         
        
        
       
          
       
         
     
          
         
         
          
       
        
      
      
      
         
        
         
   
        
        
         
          
  
         
         
          
          
        
        
         
         
        
         
      
      
       
       
       
      
        
     
         
        
         
         
         
        
          
        
       
       
       
       
        
        
       
      
       
       
         
         
        
       
         
          
      
         
        
       
        
          
        
 
          
       
         
        
         
        
       
     
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Sustainability and ESG continued 
in the lower. This gender imbalance at all levels of our 
organisation is a key factor in our gender pay gap. 
Across all markets reporting, the aggregate pay gap has 
changed little over the last three years. 
▪ APAC: There are three reporting entities in Australia: 
Health Insurance (HI), Health Services (HS); and Bupa 
Villages and Aged Care (BVAC). Of the three reports, 
HS and BVAC have reduced the gap. HS have 
reduced by 2.5% to 41.7% but are well above industry 
comparison of 4.4%. BVAC have reduced by 0.3% to 
2% but remain below industry comparison of 3.3%. 
HI have an increase of 2% to 21.1% but remain below 
industry comparison of 21.7%. 
▪ ELA: In Chile, we report three categories: 
administration and customer service, management 
and clinical. In administration and customer service, 
and management, the overall gap has declined.1 
Women in our provision business make up over 60% 
of our total workforce in Chile (and approximately 
80% of the provision business) making gender 
representation a significant factor in the overall 
results for this category of employee. In Spain, we 
report across four businesses: insurance, dental, care 
homes, and hospitals. Across all four businesses 
reporting, the aggregate pay gap has changed little 
over the last three years, with only the hospitals 
business showing change. Compensation in Spain, 
for most of our people, is covered by collective 
agreement and is therefore gender neutral by design. 
Differentiation in pay is largely created through 
length of service as well as the achievement of 
additional qualifications. 
▪ BGUK: With 12 entities required to report their gender 
pay gap, Bupa has aggregated the smaller entities 
(including those not required to report) into two 
broad groups (Provision and Insurance). The current 
median pay gap in our provision business is 10.4% and 
our insurance and corporate category median gap 
has increased since 2018 from 16.3% to 19.5%, both 
against a national average of 14.9%. 
We are taking a range of steps to improve gender 
diversity across Bupa and to reduce our gender pay 
gap. Some of our initiatives will deliver benefit in 
the short to medium term, whereas others will require 
long-term effort to drive improvement. Some actions 
taken include the launch of reverse mentoring and 
sponsorship programmes, setting diversity targets to 
drive local leadership accountability, and implementing 
gender balanced recruitment panels and candidate 
shortlisting for all senior roles. We have also launched 
our Global Women’s Leadership Network - Dora Livock 
- to support women to advance to leadership positions 
across the organisation. 
For more details regarding our commitment to improving 
female representation and our work on inclusive practices, 
please see our UK Gender Pay Gap Report found here. 
1. Final 2022 figures for ELA are not yet available for reporting. 
Business ethics 
The high standards of ethical behaviour we expect from 
our people are outlined in the Bupa Code. Alongside 
our values, the Code acts as a moral compass for 
everyone that works at Bupa. It gives us a simple 
decision-making framework to help us do the right 
thing by our people, customers, residents and patients. 
It also displays our commitment to being a responsible 
business. In 2022, we reviewed and updated the Bupa 
Code, rolling the refreshed version out globally across 
our businesses and integrating it into local policies and 
codes, mandatory training, people processes, including 
inductions, performance and reward, and internal 
communications. Mandatory training is required to be 
undertaken by all our people, including contractors, 
covering ethics issues such as Anti-Bribery and 
Corruption, Information Security, Health and Safety 
and Risk Management. More information about the 
Bupa Code can be found here. 
One aspect of our approach to business ethics is 
illustrated by our controls against financial crime. We 
take active steps to ensure that our business, people 
and customers are not victims of financial crime. We 
strive to limit the impact of fraud, whether committed 
against Bupa, our customers or the wider communities 
we serve. The Bupa Code is directly relevant to financial 
crime risk management at Bupa. The Code is 
underpinned by Bupa’s Enterprise Policy on financial 
crime, applicable across the Group, which articulates 
our approach to preventing money laundering, bribery 
and corruption, breaches of economic sanctions, tax 
evasion offences and fraud. The Policy is supplemented 
by mandatory controls (such as due diligence, training 
and awareness and Know Your Customer), oversight 
and assurance testing, detailed guidance on 
expectations and specialist resources, acting as subject 
matter experts. The Bupa Enterprise Risk Committee 
oversees the management of all risk types across Bupa, 
including financial crime risk and other risks relating to 
business ethics. More information on our approach to 
financial crime at Bupa can be found here. 
Speak Up is Bupa’s whistleblowing service and can be 
used by anyone who has a concern either about Bupa 
or individuals/organisations providing goods or services 
to Bupa. It ensures people can raise genuine concerns 
about wrongdoing, misconduct or risk of harm in 
confidence and anonymously, if preferred. We take 
concerns seriously and the people who raise them 
can be confident that they’ll be heard, protected and 
supported. More information on Bupa Speak Up is 
available here. 
As noted on the previous page, we conduct ESG due 
diligence when onboarding our suppliers and during 
the procurement life cycle in accordance with our 
framework and governance. We expect our suppliers to 
abide by Bupa policies, fully comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations and conduct themselves in line 
with the highest ethical standards. Bupa’s Responsible 
Supply Chain Statement is available here. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 33 
     
 
              
             
           
       
         
          
             
         
   
          
       
  
 
           
         
  
             
         
            
          
        
 
            
             
           
 
              
         
             
          
           
           
        
           
           
           
        
      
                      
                  
                
                  
                   
              
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Sustainability and ESG continued 
Sustainability and ESG disclosures overview 
Disclosure Description Country 
The Bupa Code The high standards we expect from our people are outlined in the 
Bupa Code. The Bupa Code acts as a moral compass for everyone that 
works at Bupa. The Bupa Code provides clear direction in decision-
making, and our performance management, risk management, 
governance and audit processes underpin this. Our commitment to 
integrity and transparency starts with our own people. Our employees 
are trained in and adhere to the Bupa Code and its related policies, 
including Conflicts of Interest and managing Financial Crime risk. 
Please see it here. 
Enterprise-wide 
Responsible 
Investment 
Our Responsible Investment Statement, which focuses on how we 
manage Bupa’s cash and investments is published here. 
Enterprise-wide 
Responsible Supply 
Chain Statement 
Bupa works closely with its suppliers and is committed to ensuring 
a responsible supply chain. Please find our Responsible Supply 
Chain statement here. 
Enterprise-wide 
Speak Up Speak Up is Bupa’s whistleblowing service and can be used by anyone 
who has a concern either about Bupa or individuals/organisations 
providing goods or services to Bupa. It ensures that people can raise 
genuine concerns about wrongdoing, misconduct or risk of harm in 
confidence and anonymously, if preferred. More information is 
available here. 
Enterprise-wide 
Approach to Tax Bupa is committed to complying with tax laws responsibly, ensuring 
that tax is paid in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates based 
upon applicable laws and practices. Please find our Approach to Tax 
statement here. 
UK 
Gender Pay Gap We publish our annual Gender Pay Gap Report for our UK operations 
in the UK. The 2022 report can be read here. 
UK 
Modern Slavery 
Statement 
Bupa is committed to combating the real and growing problem of 
modern slavery and human trafficking. In accordance with the UK’s 
UK 
Modern Slavery Act, we publish annually our statement setting out the 
steps taken to prevent modern slavery and human trafficking in our 
business and supply chain. Read our current statement here. 
Human Rights Bupa recognises its responsibility to help protect, preserve and Enterprise-wide 
Statement promote human rights around the world and is guided by fundamental 
principles of human rights, such as those in the United Nations 
Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Read our statement here. 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
We know that to be a viable business built for the future economy, we need to be equipped to identify and act 
on the climate risks and opportunities within our business. We are demonstrating our climate goals through our 
science-based targets, our ambition to become a net zero business by 2040; implementing our wider sustainability 
strategy (see page 22 for more details on the strategy); and transforming our business to embed sustainability into 
all decision-making. Our TCFD disclosures can be found as an appendix on page 101. We will continue to develop 
the detail of our TCFD disclosures as we complete further analysis and strengthen our approach. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 34 
 
          
       
      
         
       
        
   
         
         
        
       
        
     
        
       
   
         
         
          
        
           
          
       
         
         
        
         
   
        
             
        
     
        
         
       
           
 
       
         
      
       
         
 
                    
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Sustainability and ESG continued 
Ukraine 
When war broke out in Ukraine on 24 February 2022, 
LUX MED, Bupa’s private healthcare business in 
Poland, was swift to act. 
Within 24 hours, all of LUX MED’s healthcare facilities 
across Poland were providing refugees with both 
emergency and ongoing medical care – all free 
of charge. 
Across Poland, our network of 270 medical centres and 
14 hospitals were open to people arriving from Ukraine. 
We then added dedicated health facilities at refugee 
centres and provided materials and equipment to 
hospitals in Ukraine. Within days, our teams were 
treating over 1,000 people a day. 
Since February 2022, LUX MED has provided 320,000 
separate health interventions to 180,000 refugees and 
employed 240 healthcare workers. 
To ensure help was provided where it was most 
urgently needed, LUX MED opened a Medical Centre for 
Refugees in the Marriott Hotel in the centre of Warsaw, 
which saw thousands of refugees flooding in from 
Ukraine. A second was set up at the Ptak Warsaw Expo, 
where refugees could find shelter and stay for a period. 
We have been offering emergency medical services 
at the Ukrainian border, with paramedics, doctors and 
equipment. All cost of this humanitarian aid has been 
absorbed by Bupa. We’ve also made financial donations 
to UNICEF and through the LUX MED Foundation to 
support humanitarian efforts. 
We’re committed to these facilities being in place 
for as long as is needed so that Ukrainian people can 
access free healthcare and so that medically trained 
Ukrainians have facilities to practise in. 
We continue to offer support for our people 
through our Healthy Minds service. We have also 
created a recruitment page for Ukrainian refugees 
who might want to work for Bupa in the UK, 
particularly technologists. 
In addition to complying with applicable sanctions, 
Bupa also adopted a policy of terminating any existing 
relationships with businesses in Russia, or Russian-
controlled entities globally, as quickly as possible, 
and we will not renew existing contracts with 
these businesses. 
Bupa Chief Executive Committee, Chairman Roger Davis and LUX MED healthcare workers at LUX MED's Medical Centre for Refugees in Warsaw. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 35 
 
 
 
  
  
          
          
        
          
       
        
         
         
 
       
      
        
   
       
          
 
        
    
    
      
      
        
          
     
         
       
          
         
          
      
            
        
         
   
         
         
    
         
        
          
         
  
          
          
         
         
      
         
         
         
         
        
       
  
        
           
     
         
         
            
         
          
        
          
   
       
        
       
           
          
         
          
        
         
       
          
    
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Section 172 statement 
Promoting the 
long-term success 
and sustainability 
of Bupa 
Section 172 statement 
This statement sets out how the Board has acted in 
a way that promotes Bupa's success in achieving its 
purpose of helping people live longer, healthier, happier 
lives and making a better world. Bupa’s status as a 
company without shareholders means that we can 
focus on the long-term achievement of our purpose 
and reinvest our profits into providing more and 
better healthcare for the benefit of current and 
future customers. 
When making decisions, the Board takes into account: 
▪ The likely long-term impact of the decision 
▪ The interests or concerns of, and impact on, 
our key stakeholders 
▪ The impact of our decisions and operations 
on the communities in which we operate and 
the environment 
▪ The need to maintain a reputation for high 
standards of business conduct. 
Engaging with our key stakeholders 
We consider our customers, people, Association 
Members (AMs), bond investors, suppliers and 
regulators to be our key stakeholder groups, and 
their views and concerns are taken into account in 
developing our business model and strategy. 
The Board endeavours to gain an understanding of the 
perceptions and attitudes of each stakeholder group 
and the weight they give to different issues. Where the 
views of different stakeholder groups do not align, the 
Board must decide on the best course of action to 
promote Bupa’s long-term sustainability and success. 
It is important for all levels of the business to engage 
with stakeholder groups to gain a better understanding 
of their interests and concerns and the impact our 
decisions have on them. 
More detail on how we engage with our key 
stakeholder groups or where to find more information 
is set out below. 
Customers 
Our ambition is to be the world’s most customer-centric 
healthcare company and our three ambition KPIs all 
relate to our customers, putting them at the heart of 
everything we do and making them our most important 
stakeholder group. 
The Customers section on page 17 sets out the priorities 
that we have focused on in 2022 and provides examples 
of the improvements we have made to our customers’ 
experience in different parts of Bupa. Our customers 
include individuals, companies and governments. 
Direct customer feedback is an important tool to help 
us improve their experience and our leaders in all areas 
of the business are encouraged to use our Customer 
Listening app to gain insights on the issues that 
customers raise and to provide feedback to the 
businesses across Bupa on how customer experiences 
could be improved. 
The Board has received regular updates during 2022 
on the progress against the three ambition KPIs and the 
project to drive customer experience improvements. 
People 
We want our people to feel engaged and empowered 
to deliver great outcomes for our customers, to feel 
that Bupa is a great place to work and to be healthier 
and happier. Our Global People Framework sets out the 
priorities that we focus on, taking into account both the 
external employment context and the needs of our 
people, and is shared with the Board annually for its 
review and endorsement. 
Our employee engagement results are shared and 
discussed with the Board twice a year. Three Non-
Executive Directors have been designated to engage 
with our people in the UK, Australia and Spain - our 
three largest markets - and they participate in a series 
of events in those markets throughout the year. These 
are usually in the form of site visits, sessions with 
People teams, town hall meetings with employees and 
smaller group events where open dialogue and Q&A is 
encouraged. Their findings are regularly reported back 
to the Board. More information can be found in the 
Leadership section on page 54. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 36 
         
        
       
      
         
        
        
       
     
        
        
      
         
        
       
         
        
        
 
      
        
         
       
         
         
       
        
 
         
       
       
          
        
     
   
      
     
    
        
 
        
       
        
         
          
         
       
       
          
        
       
   
       
         
        
        
      
        
        
         
       
       
           
      
     
 
          
       
        
         
        
 
          
         
        
        
       
      
      
       
       
       
    
 
         
         
       
         
        
        
         
         
         
          
          
         
        
         
        
       
      
    
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Section 172 statement continued 
People issues are flowed up to the Board through 
regular reports from the Group CEO, and as part 
of updates to the Board from Bupa's businesses. 
In 2022, these covered workforce challenges, talent 
and leadership updates, and actions taken in support of 
these areas. The Chief Sustainability and People Officer 
provides updates during the year on progress against 
the Global People Framework, including talent and 
succession, leadership development, inclusion and 
diversity, gender pay gap and incentives. The Board 
also receives reports on issues raised through Bupa's 
Speak Up internal confidential whistleblowing service. 
See the Leadership section on page 54 for more 
information and the table of strategic decisions taken 
by the Board in this section 172 statement. 
People issues also flow through to the Risk Committee 
with regular reports on people-related risks from the 
Chief Risk Officer and the Chief Sustainability and 
People Officer. 
Regulators 
Bupa operates in highly regulated environments 
across our health insurance, provision and aged 
care businesses. We are subject to financial services 
regulatory regimes in our insurance businesses and 
care quality regulators in our provision and aged 
care businesses. In some cases, our regulators are 
independent of governments, and in other situations 
our activities are directly regulated by national or 
local governments. 
Regulators ultimately aim to make sure that we have 
the financial resources and the risk management 
framework necessary to protect customers and ensure 
that they receive high levels of care and are treated 
fairly. These objectives clearly align with our strategy 
and customer-centric ambition. Our regulators 
expect us to: 
▪ Maintain sufficient capital, with specific requirements 
for reserves in our insurance businesses 
▪ Provide high-quality, clinically robust services 
▪ Ensure that we operate in a responsible and 
sustainable way 
▪ Have robust and effective processes and controls in 
place to mitigate risks to protect our customers. 
Bupa is firmly committed to achieving high standards 
of compliance with our regulatory obligations in all 
of the markets in which we operate. Increased levels 
of regulation, and liaison between regulators, are a 
continuing international trend. Therefore, we take a 
proactive and coordinated approach to managing the 
regulatory risks to which we are exposed in order to 
reduce the risk of our customers suffering detriment, 
and minimising any financial or reputational impact 
on Bupa. 
We have a Group-wide Regulatory Compliance Risk 
Policy in place to ensure high standards of compliance 
with the requirements of all relevant regulators. We 
have a regular programme of interaction with the 
Group’s lead insurance regulator, the Prudential 
Regulation Authority (PRA), and engage with them on 
key Board decisions. Senior members of the executive 
team, the Chairman and the Chairs of the Board’s 
standing committees have regular meetings with the 
PRA. Relationships with other regulators are maintained 
at a local level by our Market Unit and Business Unit 
management teams, with subsidiary board interaction 
with local insurance regulators, as appropriate. 
Bond investors 
The Group has a series of debt securities in issue 
through Bupa’s subsidiary company, Bupa Finance plc, 
which is therefore required to operate in accordance 
with the relevant UK Listing Rules and the Disclosure 
Guidance and Transparency Rules, and with the Market 
Abuse Regulation. 
Briefing calls are held for bondholders to discuss the full 
year and half year results. This provides an opportunity 
for them to question management on Bupa’s financial 
performance and strategy. We hold road shows for 
current and prospective bondholders during the year, 
and other significant developments are communicated 
via regulatory announcements, press releases and 
published on our website, bupa.com. Investors are 
interested in the Group’s financial performance and 
strength and increasingly also in our sustainability 
and wider ESG activities. 
Association Members 
As a private company limited by guarantee, Bupa does 
not have shareholders and the governance and many of 
the oversight activities performed by shareholders are 
instead performed by the AMs. This includes voting on 
resolutions at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) that 
shareholders of a UK public listed company would 
typically be asked to approve. All AMs, other than 
Directors of the Board (who automatically serve as AMs 
during their tenure as Directors), normally serve for an 
initial term of ten years, which can be extended for 
further terms of five years. AMs have no equity holding 
in Bupa and no right to dividends, only receiving 
reasonable expenses for travelling for Bupa meetings or 
events. They are eminent individuals in their own field, 
coming from a diverse range of sectors including 
international businesses – with an emphasis on 
insurance and financial services, healthcare, academia, 
NGOs, regulatory and public service. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 37 
        
         
        
         
         
         
         
          
        
      
       
        
         
         
        
        
       
      
        
          
      
            
       
        
         
        
        
           
          
         
         
         
   
         
        
     
        
    
       
 
         
      
  
       
          
   
      
          
        
           
        
            
   
   
   
       
   
     
   
      
   
       
        
 
  
       
         
        
           
        
            
         
          
      
       
        
        
  
       
        
      
       
    
   
        
       
           
      
      
 
       
            
       
        
        
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Section 172 statement continued 
AMs are selected based on recent, and relevant 
experience in their field, their capacity to make a 
contribution, and experience in the key markets in 
which Bupa operates, and a substantial majority of them 
are independent of Bupa. We engage with AMs through 
the AGM, which usually includes a seminar providing an 
in-depth view of a particular aspect of the business, 
calls at our half year and full year results, briefing 
sessions on the business with updates on strategic 
progress each year, and regular email updates. 
The Group CEO, Chairman, Senior Independent Director 
and Group Company Secretary are available to the 
AMs throughout the year for further discussions as 
requested. AMs are interested in many aspects of the 
business that affect stakeholders – from strategy and 
performance to our products and services, how we 
support our people, the standard of care provided 
to customers and our approach to sustainability. 
Details of the new Strategic Performance Plan (SPP) 
were shared with all AMs in advance of an updated 
Directors’ Remuneration Policy (DRP) being submitted 
to AMs at the 2022 AGM for an advisory vote, in line 
with best practice corporate governance for listed 
companies. The Chairman (who is also a member 
of the Remuneration Committee), the Group Chief 
Sustainability and People Officer and the Director of 
Performance and Reward held a session with interested 
AMs to discuss the key design features of the SPP and 
answer any queries the AMs had in advance of the 
2022 AGM. The Chair of the Remuneration Committee 
was unable to attend the session due to illness. 
The resolution to approve the DRP was comfortably 
passed at the AGM. 
AM briefings during the year were hosted by the 
Chairman and presented by the Group CEO and 
Group CFO. The briefings covered: 
▪ The Group’s financial results for Full Year 2021 
and Half Year 2022 
▪ Our sustainability and ESG agenda and new 
sustainability strategy 
▪ Our LUX MED business in Poland and the actions 
taken to support Ukrainian refugees entering Poland. 
Suppliers and partners 
Our suppliers and partners represent our brand 
and are critical to delivering a high-quality service 
to our customers. 
Our Responsible Supply Chain Statement, available 
here, sets out our expectations of our suppliers and our 
commitments to them. The Statement was updated in 
2022 to include our desire to work with suppliers who 
share our commitment to our sustainability targets and 
to work with them to innovate and find solutions to the 
sustainability challenges around healthcare. 
We are committed to: 
▪ Treating our suppliers fairly 
▪ Paying suppliers on time (as per contracted terms) 
▪ Selecting suppliers without prejudice 
▪ Supporting improvements in social, environmental 
and ethical practices 
▪ Using research, collaboration and innovation to 
accelerate sustainable healthcare solutions 
▪ Maintaining a supply chain that reflects and 
aligns with our own standards of responsible 
business conduct 
▪ Actively encouraging innovation. 
We also have a Group-wide Suppliers Enterprise 
Risk Policy governing our processes for the selection, 
contracting and management of all of our suppliers 
to ensure that they represent our values and will not 
compromise the service we provide to our customers 
or how we treat our people. We work with our suppliers 
to ensure that they have effective processes in place 
to protect our customers’ health and safety and the 
security and privacy of their data. 
We also regularly engage with healthcare professionals 
and NGOs and work with other commercial and non-
profit organisations to make a positive impact on 
specific health issues. 
Our sustainability strategy is founded on responsible 
business conduct with a key focus on responsible 
supply chain management, including combating modern 
slavery. Our latest Modern Slavery Statement is 
described on page 34. 
Communities and the environment 
In 2022, the Board approved the new sustainability 
strategy and a revised sustainability enterprise risk 
policy to set out our ambitions in this area and to 
ensure that sustainability risks and opportunities, 
including climate change risks, are considered in 
day-to-day decision-making. 
For further information see the Sustainability and 
ESG section on page 22 and the report of the Board 
Sustainability Committee on page 79. The Board's 
decision to adopt a sustainability strategy is described 
in more detail in the strategic decisions table below. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 38 
    
         
         
          
        
        
         
       
         
   
     
         
         
       
      
      
        
         
  
         
           
       
       
        
        
       
        
        
       
 
       
      
         
        
        
        
       
         
        
          
          
          
     
      
                    
                 
  
  
 
   
     
     
       
      
  
    
     
    
    
      
      
     
    
    
    
   
   
    
   
          
         
            
          
           
         
       
             
          
           
          
            
         
             
            
   
        
          
 
           
           
           
     
  
  
  
  
 
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Section 172 statement continued 
High standards of business conduct 
Bupa has a robust system of governance and risk 
management in place and operates a ‘three lines’ model 
to identify, manage and mitigate risk, to ensure that we 
maintain high standards of business conduct. We aim, 
where appropriate, to operate to the same governance 
standards as are required of UK public listed companies. 
This includes applying the UK Corporate Governance 
Code 2018 (the Code) to set high corporate governance 
standards for the Group. 
These include governance processes around decision-
making; risk appetite statements set by the Board; and 
risk policies and standards that are applied across the 
Group on areas including customer outcomes, people, 
capital management, supplier management, risk, clinical 
governance, data quality, information security, privacy, 
and wellbeing, health and safety. Further information on 
our principal risks and approach to risk management is 
on page 42. 
All papers submitted to the Board or its Committees 
are required to include a summary of key risks, how 
relevant stakeholders have been considered in the 
proposals and the governance process undertaken prior 
to seeking Board approval to ensure that stakeholder 
interests or concerns have been considered and that 
proposals have been through appropriate review and 
approval processes prior to submission to the Board. 
This assists the Board in making well-informed decisions 
that promote the long-term, sustainable success of 
the business. 
As mentioned above, our sustainability strategy is 
founded on responsible business conduct management, 
to take a more proactive approach to ensuring that 
Bupa conducts its activities in a responsible way. 
More details can be found in the Sustainability 
and ESG section under Business ethics on page 33. 
The Governance section commencing on page 50 
describes the role of the Board, the Directors, Bupa’s 
system of governance, including the 'three lines model'; 
how we have complied with the Code during the year; 
and the role and activities of each Committee of the 
Board. It also specifically sets out how the Board and 
Committees oversee sustainability and ESG matters. 
Strategic decisions and their impact on stakeholders 
The table below sets out a number of decisions taken by the Board during the year and how stakeholder views 
were taken into account. Further information on some of these decisions can be found in the Leadership section 
on page 51. 
Supporting our people 
People 
Issue Action and progress Further information 
Our people are the driving 
force behind our business and 
we need to take care of them 
so that they can enjoy longer, 
healthier, happier lives. 
We have seen increasing 
pressure on the capacity and 
resilience of our workforce 
from the COVID-19 pandemic, 
cost of living crisis and the 
level of change that we are 
asking them to undertake to 
achieve our 3x6 strategy. 
There is also increasing 
pressure on public health 
services, making the 
accessibility and affordability 
of healthcare an important 
issue for our people. 
Action 
The Board regularly receives updates on issues relating to Bupa's 
people, with the Risk Committee closely monitoring workforce risks. 
We have recognised the impact of the rising cost of living, particularly 
on our frontline people, by endorsing appropriate actions taken by 
local management in different parts of Bupa. This has included bringing 
forward pay increases by several months and providing one-off 
payments to help ease the cost of living. 
The Board agreed with the Group CEO that 100% of our people globally 
should receive healthcare benefits, bringing a degree of consistency across 
businesses in terms of support available while also reflecting local market 
differences. The Board considered proposals from each Market Unit on 
what would provide the most value to their employees and agreed to 
significantly increase investment in healthcare benefits for employees with 
the majority of the investment being used to support our frontline staff. A 
new programme called Viva was launched in January 2023 across Bupa to 
implement this decision. 
The designated non-executive directors involved in workforce engagement 
activities have seen first hand the positive reaction to these changes. 
Long-term impact 
The Board believes that the investment in healthcare benefits for all 
employees globally will make a real difference to the long-term health 
of our people and differentiates Bupa from competitors, giving us an 
advantage in attracting and retaining employees. 
People and 
culture section 
on page 18 
Leadership on 
page 51 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 39 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Section 172 statement continued 
Sustainability strategy 
Communities and the environment 
Issue Action and progress Further information 
Sustainability is a pillar of our 
3x6 strategy and the Board 
wanted to establish a cohesive 
framework to clearly identify 
the actions Bupa can take to 
have the greatest impact in 
delivering the ‘making a better 
world’ part of our purpose. 
Our customers, our people, 
regulators and wider society 
increasingly expect large 
organisations to address 
sustainability and climate 
change issues. These issues 
present both risks and 
opportunities to the long-term 
viability of our business. 
Action 
The Board Sustainability Committee led the development of the 
sustainability strategy which was approved by the Board in early 
2022 and launched in Q4 2022. 
We had already publicly committed to become a net zero business 
by 2040 and this forms part of the 'Mission Zero’ pillar of the new 
sustainability strategy. Following approval of the sustainability strategy, 
the Committee oversaw the development of the initial priorities to focus 
on. Actions taken during the year include: launching the Sustainability 
Academy to equip our people with the skills and information they need to 
ensure that we run Bupa in a sustainable way; and running our second eco-
Disruptive programme. In addition, Bupa expanded its work in promoting 
inclusivity by becoming the official health partner for the national 
Paralympics Associations in Australia and the UK, in addition to 
existing partnerships in Spain, Poland and Chile. 
Stakeholder considerations 
An external consultancy was engaged to carry out a materiality assessment 
to help prioritise Bupa’s investment in actions that will have the greatest 
positive impact and are most relevant for a healthcare organisation. 
Potential areas of opportunity were then tested with management and 
customers in Australia, Spain and the UK. The key outcome was the 
importance of linking human health and the health of the planet. 
Long-term impact 
Taking action to mitigate climate change and related environmental issues 
through our sustainability strategy will help to secure our business for the 
future and help our customers, people and communities stay healthy. 
The Board and Board Sustainability Committee will monitor the 
achievement of each of the three Missions in the sustainability strategy 
and can measure their achievement through KPIs. See the Sustainability 
and ESG section on page 22 for the headline KPI for each pillar of the 
sustainability strategy. 
Sustainability and 
ESG section on 
page 22 
Board 
Sustainability 
Committee report 
on page 79 
Rollout of Blua 
Customers 
Issue Action and progress Further information 
The transformation pillar of 
our 3x6 strategy is our route 
to growth and delivering 
digital health solutions is an 
important growth channel. 
Action 
When the 3x6 strategy was agreed in 2021, the Board identified Blua, 
our digital health solution pioneered in Spain, as a solution that could be 
rapidly deployed across our markets to benefit more of our customers and 
help drive Bupa’s transformation. Blua or another digital health solution
has been launched in ten countries so far and is driving meaningful 
progress towards achieving the 40% and 60% ambition KPIs. The Board 
has overseen the rollout of Blua, receiving updates during the year. 
Stakeholder considerations 
Customers’ needs and preferences are evolving rapidly as consumers 
become increasingly engaged with their own health and expect more 
from service providers in all aspects of their lives while also receiving 
value for money. This includes accessing healthcare services digitally 
where appropriate. Blua aims to meet this need and keep Bupa 
competitive. The speed of delivery of this service is being balanced 
with the need to maintain appropriate controls and governance, 
particularly around our customers’ data so that trust in our products 
and data security remains high.
 
Long-term impact 
Blua aims to deliver access to primary and specialist virtual care, virtual 
health coaching and prevention services, and homecare and remote 
monitoring, particularly for chronic conditions. This should make access 
to healthcare quicker and more personalised for our customers while 
also delivering efficiencies for Bupa in the long-term. 
Strategy sectio n 
on page 7 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 40 
 
   
 
   
     
     
    
   
    
      
     
  
      
    
    
     
     
      
    
     
    
  
           
          
           
            
         
          
      
         
          
         
       
        
       
 
            
         
              
        
         
           
 
 
           
         
            
         
      
  
   
  
   
      
     
 
   
      
    
    
  
    
     
   
     
   
    
  
           
          
           
        
          
             
          
            
            
   
            
         
           
          
          
         
 
            
              
            
           
         
              
       
          
            
          
       
 
           
         
  
   
 
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Section 172 statement continued 
Chile 
Customers, regulators, bond investors 
Issue Action and progress Further information 
One of Bupa’s businesses in 
Chile, Isapre Cruz Blanca S.A. 
(Cruz Blanca), has been 
negatively impacted by 
judicial and regulatory action. 
The Isapre sector is unique to 
Chile in that, despite being 
privately-owned companies, 
they form part of the wider 
social security system through 
which Chilean citizens can 
chose public or private health 
insurance. There has been a 
shift in recent years which has 
severely limited Cruz Blanca’s 
ability to properly price to 
cover risk, medical inflation, 
and medical coverage. 
Action 
During the year, the Board has been closely monitoring political, legal 
and regulatory developments in Chile. In line with Bupa’s subsidiary 
governance policy, the Board has also received updates from the board 
of Bupa Chile (the parent company of Cruz Blanca). The Board also 
received briefings on the Chilean constitutional referendum and recent 
Supreme Court decisions. The Risk Committee has also been monitoring 
the related “stroke of pen” risk. 
The potential impact of the judicial decisions and regulatory 
interventions on Bupa’s balance sheet is material and a significant 
contingent liability position has been disclosed in the Group’s 
Consolidated Financial Statements for 2022. The Audit Committee 
has closely scrutinised management’s approach to assessing this 
contingent liability to ensure that it was appropriate. 
Stakeholder considerations 
We seek to keep the rating agencies up to date with material 
developments which may impact the Group’s results and performance 
and will continue to do so as the situation evolves. The Board has also 
been considering the impacts for customers, providers, employees, 
local regulatory relationships, and the Group’s and the local brand 
and reputation as part of its Group-level oversight of Bupa Chile’s 
developing strategy. 
Long-term impact 
The Board continues to monitor the long-term viability of Cruz Blanca 
and has considered a broad range of potential adverse outcomes 
from the Chile Supreme Court judgment described on page 11 in its 
assessment of the Company’s and the Group’s longer-term viability, 
as described on page 98. 
Financial Review 
on page 9 
Audit Committee 
Report on page 67 
Response to the war in Ukraine 
People, communities and the environment, customers 
Issue Action and progress Further information 
The war in Ukraine broke out 
in February 2022, driving 
millions of refugees to 
neighbouring countries, 
including Poland. The refugees 
were in need of healthcare 
facilities and continuing 
support. The Group had to 
consider its commercial 
response to Russia's unlawful 
invasion of Ukraine. 
Action 
LUX MED, our Polish business, acted swiftly following the outbreak of 
war in Ukraine by providing free emergency and ongoing medical care 
in partnership with the Polish authorities. LUX MED has also employed 
many Ukrainian healthcare workers fleeing the conflict, enabling them 
to continue their work. The Board wholly supports the actions taken 
and Bupa is funding this support for as long as needed. The Chairman, 
Group CEO and other executives visited Poland during the year to 
see this work first-hand and were impressed with the speed at which 
services had been provided and the dedication of our people to support 
those fleeing the conflict. 
Shortly after the invasion, the Board also decided that, in addition to 
complying with applicable sanctions, Bupa would end any existing 
relationships as soon as possible, and would not renew existing contracts 
with businesses in Russia or Russian-controlled entities globally. The Risk 
Committee has also received reports on the Group’s compliance with 
sanctions imposed on doing business with Russia or Russian nationals. 
Stakeholder considerations 
The Board and LUX MED management felt that this was the right thing 
to do in a humanitarian crisis and in line with Bupa's purpose and values. 
The ongoing costs and focus of our services have been managed alongside 
our teams continuing to support our existing customers in Poland without 
compromising the service we provide. This demonstrates the flexibility 
Bupa has to invest where it is most needed as it is not under pressure 
to continually fund dividends to external shareholders. 
Despite the impact on customers in Russia and employees of Russian-
controlled entities, many of whom may not support the war, the Board 
concluded that Bupa's purpose, values and reputation would be best 
served by ceasing to do business with Russia. 
Long-term impact 
Bupa intends to continue to support LUX MED to fund medical care 
for Ukrainian refugees for as long as it is needed. 
Sustainability and 
ESG section on 
page 35 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 41 
    
    
    
    
  
         
     
          
        
        
         
        
   
     
        
          
          
         
       
         
        
        
        
        
        
       
         
            
      
         
         
    
           
        
         
         
          
         
  
     
    
    
     
   
        
        
     
  
        
       
      
           
          
    
         
          
        
       
         
       
        
 
       
         
        
       
        
    
        
         
          
  
        
      
       
       
  
       
       
          
      
         
   
       
  
        
    
       
          
     
       
        
     
      
     
          
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Risk 
Embedding a strong risk 
management culture is a 
priority across Bupa supported 
by robust risk management 
and controls. 
This focus on culture is essential in order to respond 
to changing environments and evolving regulation. 
This means we can foresee the potential risks of future 
changes that could affect our customers and our 
business, and to mitigate them. Together with our 
controls, ensuring a strong risk culture helps us to 
continue to serve our customers well and meet all 
of our stakeholders’ expectations. 
Our comprehensive risk management programme 
ensures that risk management comes as second nature 
to everyone at Bupa and they are equipped to manage 
risk. We have tools in place to achieve this, including 
The Bupa Code, our code of conduct, risk appetites, 
Enterprise Policies and our Speak Up whistleblowing 
process, See more in our People section on page 34. 
We are continuing to raise our standards and 
expectations in order to ensure the right outcomes 
for our customers, our markets and our business. 
Our local businesses are exposed to a wide range 
of political, regulatory, legal and economic risks. Our 
health insurance, provision and aged care activities 
also carry different risk profiles including clinical risk. 
We make sure we are in the best place to manage and 
diversify our risks, including emerging and strategic, 
by understanding the factors behind the risk to each 
individual business and to our balance sheet, and by 
assessing how these risks interact. 
We manage our risks using a 'three lines' model, as set 
out in our Board approved risk management framework. 
This is set out in greater detail on page 63. 
Our Board-approved risk appetite is a measure of the 
degree of risk we are prepared to accept in our work 
to deliver on our strategy. Our core risk appetite 
statements focus on: 
▪ The treatment of customers and employees
▪ Management of our financial strength
▪ The sustainability of our business
▪ Operational risk, including information security;
privacy and clinical risks.
The risk appetite statements are reviewed annually, with 
the Risk Committee recommending any changes to the 
statements to the Board for approval. 
Progress in 2022 
We continued to strengthen our approach to risk 
management during the year and have further 
embedded this capability within the business. 
Our approach is in line with the evolution of our 
business as a whole and the nature of how risks 
are evolving globally. 
While we have continued to put focus on managing 
the impacts of the pandemic and the ongoing economic 
uncertainty, we have ensured that we also remain 
focused on the wider risk management agenda 
throughout the year. With a new strategy and an 
enhanced purpose, we have also placed significant 
emphasis on the risks associated with the new 
strategy, including: 
▪ Conducting in-depth reviews of specific aspects of
risk as they arise in the external environment and
focusing on specific areas of risk for our businesses.
▪ Reviewing recent experiences or events, including the
pandemic, to assess what lessons could be learned
and implemented across the Group.
▪ Review of our strategic and emerging risk profiles
with a particular emphasis on how these are likely
to be affected by the prevailing high inflation and
challenging economic environment.
▪ Reviewing our climate change risk profile and the
risks associated with our new sustainability strategy. 
▪ Reviewing and enhancing our credit rating, foreign
exchange and risk appetite and approving insurance
risk appetite statements. 
▪ Undertaking a stress and scenario testing programme
to improve our understanding of severe risks and
how they may affect the business plan in both our
insurance and healthcare provision businesses; the 
primary focus in this year was on high inflation and
a challenging economic environment.
▪ Reviewing the progress in embedding our integrated 
risk management system. 
▪ Oversight and approval of the development of the 
Group Recovery and Resolution Plan. 
▪ Reviewing the risks associated with our workforce
relating to the resilience of our staff but also the 
strategic risks associated with workforce availability. 
▪ Continuing to improve our information security and
privacy controls to respond to the ever-evolving and
increased threats in the external environment.
▪ Continuing to improve our wider information
technology and IT operational resilience controls.
Bupa Annual Report 2022 42 
 
                    
               
                
          
                  
      
     
      
     
    
   
   
    
    
    
     
    
      
   
    
      
    
 
     
    
   
   
    
     
     
     
    
   
     
    
    
    
   
   
    
      
     
   
    
    
      
    
    
     
    
    
    
       
     
     
   
    
   
        
     
     
  
   
     
     
    
     
    
    
     
    
   
      
      
 
    
    
   
    
    
    
   
 
    
    
  
     
   
      
     
    
      
    
    
      
       
    
     
  
      
     
    
    
   
    
   
   
     
    
  
     
   
 
   
 
       
      
    
       
   
       
       
    
    
    
   
       
   
   
    
    
    
      
    
      
     
     
 
  
      
  
     
    
   
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Risk continued 
Risk profile 
We accept risk as part of our business. Some risks are avoidable while others are inherent in our business model. 
We have an effective risk management system and internal controls in place to mitigate these risks. 
We maintain significant economic capital as a means of mitigating certain inherent risks. This reflects the nature 
of our operations and the level of risk associated with them. 
These risks are set out in the table below in order of the solvency capital required to mitigate them. 
Risk Description Comment and outlook Mitigating actions 
The risk of the volatility in 
values or the devaluation 
of properties held for own 
use (including owned care 
provision properties), or for 
investment purposes, resulting 
in adverse impacts. 
This includes capital associated 
with leased properties following 
the introduction of IFRS 16. 
Property ▪ We generally own rather than 
rent property. This could 
leave us exposed to falls 
in property values. 
▪ Care home valuations are 
based on their trading potential 
based on discounted cash 
flow techniques. 
▪ The properties are subject to 
external valuations at least tri-
annually and management 
valuations in intervening years. 
▪ By maintaining a geographic 
spread of businesses across a 
number of countries, we are 
able to diversify exposure to 
national or regional property 
markets and trading conditions. 
Risks relating to our insurance 
businesses. Risk of inadequate 
pricing and/or underwriting of 
insurance policies, of claims 
experience being materially 
adversely different to 
expectations and that provisions 
made for claims prove to be 
insufficient in light of later 
events and claims experience. 
Insurance ▪ Health insurance is short-tailed 
with lower outstanding claims 
as a percentage of revenue 
than most general insurers. 
▪ Insurance risk exposure will 
grow in step with planned 
growth in premium income 
of the insurance businesses. 
▪ While absolute claims across 
the Group are higher than prior 
year, there continues to be 
reduced claims in some markets 
from restrictions causing short-
term delays to elective 
healthcare. The average 
cost of claims that have been 
deferred could increase, as a 
consequence of the delay in 
treating progressive illnesses. 
▪ The relatively short-tailed 
nature of Bupa’s products 
allows us to respond to 
market changes quickly, 
although this can be limited 
by government-set pricing 
controls in some markets. 
▪ There is a relatively low 
exposure to reserving risk 
compared to underwriting 
risk due to the very short-
term nature of our claims 
development patterns. 
▪ We have extensive control 
mechanisms in place, including 
holding an appropriate 
prudence margin, to ensure 
reserves are adequate to 
mitigate against the risk 
of higher-than-expected 
claims costs. 
▪ The geographical diversity of 
Bupa offers further mitigation 
against insurance risk. 
▪ We have reviewed and updated 
our insurance risk appetite. 
Risk arising from changes in the 
level or volatility of currency 
exchange rates impacting on 
cash flows and assets held in 
currencies other than sterling, 
and on the financial statements. 
Currency As the net assets of businesses 
outside the UK grow, there will be 
a corresponding increase in 
currency risk in relation to 
translation into sterling. 
There is transaction risk relating to 
policies for which premiums and 
claims are in different currencies. 
▪ Currency translation risk is, 
where possible, significantly 
mitigated through a hedging 
programme to a Board-
approved level of risk. 
▪ We limit currency risk exposure 
through asset liability matching 
in local currencies. 
▪ We have reviewed and updated 
our currency risk appetite. 
Credit 
spread and 
counterparty 
default 
Risk of a loss in value of 
bond assets and/or that a 
counterparty fails to meet 
its obligations in the face of 
adverse economic conditions. 
This also includes the risk of a 
loss in value of the bond assets 
held within the pension schemes. 
▪ Our health insurance businesses 
have modest holdings of 
corporate and other bonds. 
▪ These are exposed to the risk of 
widening spreads and defaults. 
▪ There is banking 
counterparty default risk 
in respect of deposits. 
▪ The counterparty risk exposure 
in respect of reinsurance is not 
material at a Group level. 
▪ Our bond portfolio is small in 
relation to our other financial 
assets and the majority is 
investment grade. 
▪ Counterparty exposure 
is managed by dealing with 
highly-rated counterparties 
with exposure limits defined 
by Group Treasury Policy. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 43 
 
 
   
 
     
    
    
     
     
     
     
     
     
       
     
 
     
   
     
    
    
  
   
   
   
   
    
 
   
                
                
                  
                  
                  
              
       
   
  
  
 
    
    
  
   
   
  
   
  
    
  
 
      
       
     
     
     
      
        
       
      
   
     
      
      
      
       
        
     
 
     
     
      
    
    
      
    
    
 
  
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
 
       
      
        
       
      
       
       
      
     
    
     
 
      
       
 
      
     
      
      
   
    
   
   
      
   
      
   
     
   
  
 
 
  
    
     
   
  
  
   
  
     
   
  
  
   
       
      
         
   
        
    
      
       
 
    
     
   
    
    
   
     
      
     
  
   
       
     
     
   
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Risk continued 
Risk Description Comment and outlook Mitigating actions 
Operational 
(including 
conduct risk and 
clinical risk) 
Risk of loss arising from ▪ We are committed to managing ▪ Maintaining internal control 
inadequate or failed internal operational risks effectively. processes and governance 
processes, or from personnel, This includes continued close frameworks, approving risk 
systems or external events. This attention to management of policies and assessing 
risk also includes conduct risk regulatory risk and proactive compliance help to mitigate 
(the risk that our behaviours, engagement with regulators. this risk. 
actions or controls result in 
detriment or unfair outcomes for 
our customers), and clinical risk 
(the risk of injury, loss or harm 
to customers in receipt 
of healthcare). 
Other significant risks to Bupa, such as operational risk, cannot be effectively mitigated through holding capital 
alone, although we do hold significant capital for operational risks. Our Market Unit Executive Risk Committees 
regularly review these residual risks and the mitigating actions taken to reduce them. They also inform the Risk 
Committee and BERC about key areas of specific concern. This provides management with a view of the priority 
areas in which resources should be focused. The table below reflects the themes of the most significant risks 
currently facing Bupa. Strategic and operational risks remained heightened due to the challenging economic 
environment and the launch of our new strategy. 
Risk Description Comment and outlook Mitigating actions 
Changes in The risk of failure 
government and to anticipate or 
influence changes regulatory policy in governmental 
and regulatory 
environment which 
may impact our 
customers and 
the viability or 
profitability of 
our business. 
▪ Our health insurance, provision and aged 
care businesses are subject to government 
and regulatory policy, including insurance 
conduct rules, minimum wage requirements, 
prudential requirements, changes to tax 
regimes and the interpretation of existing 
tax practices, pricing controls in some of 
our health insurance businesses and clinical 
care requirements for our provision and 
aged care businesses. 
▪ The significant governmental and regulatory 
responses to the pandemic have shown 
that future legislation, regulations and 
government funding decisions could have a 
material impact on the Group. Any measures 
put in place may improve or reduce the 
attractiveness and affordability of private 
health insurance. 
▪ All our markets have defined 
key activities to make sure 
we can continue to monitor 
and assess the strategic 
implications on our businesses 
of any future changes in policy 
or regulation, and advocate 
for appropriate change in 
these areas. 
Social licence The risk that 
to operate reputational damage 
could impact our 
social licence to 
operate and 
therefore our ability 
to achieve our 
strategic objectives. 
▪ Like many global companies, we face an 
increased risk of stakeholder activism and 
greater scrutiny of our record as a socially 
responsible company on topics such as the 
environment and climate change and other 
issues which can be interpreted as having 
a ‘ethical’ dimension, e.g. executive and/or 
low pay, Inclusion and Diversity, treatment 
of suppliers, governance, responsible 
investment. Adverse comments and 
unfavourable media coverage can impact 
Bupa’s reputation. 
▪ Our reputation can also be impacted 
by adverse operational issues such as 
cyber attacks. 
▪ In order to ensure issues in 
one business or Market Unit 
do not spread and impact the 
trust in our brand in another, 
contagion risk remains 
prominent in our operational 
and reputational risk 
management agenda with 
a focus on resolving and 
learning from issues faced. 
▪ With the launch of our new 
sustainability strategy we 
have increased our focus on 
management of sustainability 
and ESG risks. 
Strategic 
workforce risks 
Risks associated 
with the resilience 
of our own people, 
including safety and 
wellbeing and 
capacity, which 
impact on our 
employees' ability 
to deliver for the 
customer. This also 
includes strategic 
risks associated 
with workforce 
availability. 
▪ Our front-line staff, in particular our clinical 
staff, have been under significant pressure 
throughout the crisis and there is a risk of 
staff fatigue and burnout. 
▪ In many markets we continue to see strategic 
challenges associated with workforce 
availability, exacerbated by cost of living 
challenges, which may impact our ability to 
deliver services. 
▪ Considerable work has been 
done to address the people 
risks associated with 
COVID-19 and to utilise 
learnings to enhance our 
readiness for future 
pandemics . This has been 
led by the People Function 
with the support of all 
functions and businesses. 
▪ Workforce availability remains 
a key area of focus for senior 
management with a range of 
activities under way in each 
market to address challenges. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 44 
 
 
 
   
 
 
     
   
   
    
   
    
   
   
   
    
      
      
      
      
 
     
       
       
      
       
     
  
  
     
    
    
 
   
    
   
    
    
      
 
  
    
  
   
  
   
   
    
    
  
    
      
      
       
         
      
       
     
 
    
       
     
       
  
    
    
    
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
    
   
    
    
   
   
      
    
       
  
  
   
      
 
   
       
   
 
   
  
    
    
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
    
  
   
   
   
    
   
        
      
        
 
       
      
     
         
      
  
   
    
  
   
  
     
     
    
   
   
   
   
     
    
    
     
 
        
       
       
    
    
   
   
      
  
   
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Risk continued 
Risk Description Comment and outlook Mitigating actions 
Technology 
innovation 
and resilience 
including 
information 
security 
The risk of failure to 
anticipate and/or respond 
to changing expectations 
in relation to information 
technology and resilience 
which could impact the 
viability or profitability 
of the business. 
▪ Changing consumer expectations/ 
behaviors with higher expectations 
for technological solutions to improve 
interactions and the need for businesses 
to ensure appropriate IT capabilities 
and operational resilience to deliver 
for customers. 
▪ Customers looked towards digital offerings 
during the pandemic and where these were 
available, they were well received. This has 
also helped demonstrate value in digital 
insurance offerings in a period where people 
could not claim for physical procedures. 
▪ Operational resilience 
capabilities were 
tested around the Group 
during the crisis and 
generally found to be 
performing well. 
▪ We significantly increased 
our digital offerings for 
customers during the 
pandemic and this will 
continue to remain an 
area of focus in the future. 
Economic 
conditions and 
affordability 
The risk that depressed 
economic conditions 
further exacerbate existing 
challenges around 
affordability for customers 
with reduced spending 
power which could impact 
the profitability or viability 
of the business. 
▪ The macroeconomic environment is 
challenging in most markets and was 
compounded by COVID-19. It is uncertain 
how severe the impacts will be and 
how long they will last but any reduction 
in consumer or government spending 
may impact our businesses. In many 
markets we are seeing heightened 
inflationary pressures. 
▪ Weakened economic environments are 
also likely to compound the existing 
affordability challenges in health insurance 
as premiums rise, driven by high medical 
and wage inflation. 
▪ We regularly review our 
products and offerings to 
ensure that we continue 
to provide value to our 
customers despite the 
economic challenges and 
affordability constraints. 
Transformation The risks associated with ▪ Our strategy is focused on addressing 
execution risks failing to deliver effective customer expectations as they change. 
and timely transformation ▪ All Market Units have a range of and change. This includes transformation activities underway. the risks associated with 
acquisition and disposal 
decisions and their 
implementation. 
▪ Transformation and 
strategy execution are 
a key focus of senior 
management. 
▪ Appropriate 
governance structures 
are in place to monitor 
the transformation 
activities underway. 
▪ We have extensive 
governance mechanisms 
in place with regards 
to future acquisition, 
including conducting 
post-acquisition reviews 
and implementing 
learnings into future 
acquisitions. 
Geopolitical The risks associated with 
uncertainty and geopolitical uncertainty 
and increasing nationalistic supply chain policies across our disruption businesses and in 
particular the impact of 
this on supply chains. 
▪ This has been an emerging trend for some 
time but was exacerbated by the pandemic. 
▪ We are also seeing impacts as a result 
of Brexit. 
▪ While Bupa does not have businesses in 
either Ukraine or Russia, the global macro-
economic risks and human consequences 
of the conflict are uncertain and we will 
continue to monitor any potential impacts 
on Bupa’s businesses. 
▪ We have heightened 
our supplier monitoring, 
management and 
communications to help 
minimise disruption. 
▪ For key product lines, we 
have built up Bupa owned 
or controlled stocks to 
minimise supply chain 
delays and avoid 
supply shortages. 
Data The risks associated ▪ Data is fundamental to the delivery of the ▪ We have a range 
with the ownership, use Group strategy and will continue to remain of initiatives and 
and governance of data a key area of focus for some time programmes in place 
which could impact on across the Group 
the delivery of the focused on the use and 
Group Strategy. governance of data. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 45 
                    
                
 
   
      
  
     
    
      
   
    
    
   
   
   
      
       
   
    
        
      
   
     
   
   
    
   
     
    
   
    
    
    
  
     
              
                   
             
              
             
                     
       
  
   
    
  
   
    
 
      
      
    
     
     
        
      
    
     
 
    
    
    
     
   
     
 
   
    
   
    
   
  
 
   
  
  
  
 
   
    
    
      
       
         
        
     
    
   
   
     
      
  
    
     
    
    
    
    
           
      
  
 
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Risk continued 
There are further risks which do not feature on the list of most significant risks currently facing Bupa but which 
always remain a priority for management given our business model. These are detailed in the table below. 
Risk Description Comment and outlook Mitigating actions 
Liquidity risk The risk that we hold 
insufficient financial 
resources to enable us to 
meet our obligations as 
they fall due or to take 
advantage of potential 
opportunities, or of being 
able to secure such 
resources only at 
excessive cost, resulting 
in adverse impacts. 
▪ Liquidity risk is addressed not through 
capital but by holding liquid assets and 
maintaining appropriate controls. 
▪ Policyholder liabilities are predominantly 
backed by liquid assets, so our liquidity risk 
exposure primarily relates to the funding 
risk associated with borrowings. 
▪ This is mitigated by the 
Treasury Function actively 
managing borrowings, for 
which the amount and 
timing of outflows 
are known, and by 
maintaining a portion of 
the bank facility undrawn. 
▪ We continue to monitor 
the markets to ensure 
that we appropriately 
fund the Group. 
Financial risks associated with climate change 
We have integrated climate risk management into our existing Group-wide Risk Management Framework ('RMF'), 
which sets out how we identify, assess, manage and report on risks. We will continue to ensure that climate-related 
risks are considered appropriately throughout our governance arrangements, including the policy framework and 
management committees’ responsibilities. We also continue to reflect on changes in regulatory expectations (e.g, 
from the Prudential Regulation Authority, 'PRA') while embedding climate risk management through the RMF. 
As a result the financial risks from climate change do not appear in our principal risks above but the table below 
does show how the key themes are impacted. 
Short Medium Long 
Risk drivers Relevant principal risk and potential impact term1 term term Mitigating actions 
Transition: 
Policy & Legal 
Changes in laws 
and regulation to 
stimulate transition 
to low carbon 
economy 
Changes in government and 
regulatory policy 
We must continue to prepare for, 
and then comply with, emerging 
regulations (primarily driven through 
our insurance business but becoming 
increasingly relevant for all businesses 
globally). As such, there is a risk of 
fines, penalties, and litigation in the 
event of regulatory non-compliance, 
which could also result in 
reputational damage. 
▪ Our Horizon Scanning process 
continues to identify relevant 
legislative and regulatory changes 
across a broad spectrum of 
topics, including consideration 
of ESG-related (including climate 
change) developments. 
▪ The Sustainability Disclosure 
Working Group (a Group-level, 
cross-functional working group) 
continues to develop Bupa’s 
approach to sustainability-related 
disclosures e.g. TCFD. 
Transition: 
Reputation 
Changes in customer 
sentiment, and 
increased scrutiny 
from stakeholders 
(e.g. activists). 
Social licence to operate 
Stakeholder expectations on all ESG-
related areas, including climate 
change, are increasing. As such, there 
is a risk of reputational damage and 
loss of trust in our brand – across the 
Group – occurring as a result of not 
taking appropriate action to meet 
those expectations, not meeting 
commitments, or by greenwashing. 
▪ The sustainability strategy 
launched during COP 27, focused 
on building a healthier future for 
people and planet. 
▪ Engagement in partnerships with 
various networks and coalitions to 
help drive systemic, sustainable 
change in healthcare through 
collaboration and innovation (e.g., 
the Climate and Health Coalition). 
1. Short term (1-3 years). Medium term (3-5 years). Long term (5+ years). 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 46 
  
  
  
    
   
    
     
     
     
      
      
     
      
   
     
      
    
     
    
     
   
   
    
      
   
    
  
    
      
    
      
      
  
     
     
       
     
    
   
   
    
      
    
    
      
      
    
     
      
      
    
 
  
   
  
 
    
    
     
      
     
      
   
   
    
  
   
     
     
     
     
     
    
       
     
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
      
      
      
     
    
       
     
      
     
      
      
   
     
      
     
      
    
    
     
    
      
    
    
       
    
   
  
    
           
      
  
 
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Risk continued 
Short Medium Long 
Risk drivers Relevant principal risk and potential impact term1 term term Mitigating actions 
Transition: 
Market 
Changes in 
behaviour of 
customers, investors, 
and the prices of 
financial assets and 
commodities 
Property 
Increased severity, frequency, and 
variability in weather patterns may 
result in decreases in property 
valuations, and additional costs and 
capital required to adapt to weather 
events and insure our premises (e.g, 
care homes and retirement villages, 
hospitals in aged care and health 
provision businesses, respectively) 
are as resilient as possible. 
▪ We continue to perform a range 
of climate-related stress testing 
to explore possible impacts to 
property valuations (which are 
not currently believed to be 
material to our business). 
▪ Geographical spread of 
properties helps to diversify 
exposure. 
▪ We are working with a specialist 
consultancy to develop facilities-
related decarbonisation plan for 
2023 and beyond. 
Credit spreads and counterparty 
default 
Our investment portfolio is exposed to 
potential adverse valuation impacts 
driven by both transition and physical 
risk exposures in the companies in 
which we invest. 
▪ We are reducing the emissions 
profile of our investment portfolio 
in line with our net zero ambition, 
using climate scenario analysis to 
inform our understanding of 
exposures in the portfolio. 
Economic conditions and 
affordability 
Our customers (corporate and/or 
personal) will likely be affected by 
climate change, which could 
negatively impact their financial 
resources. This could result in lower 
revenues for Bupa (e.g, due to 
increased lapses of insurance policies). 
▪ We regularly review our products 
and offerings to ensure that we 
continue to provide value to our 
customers despite the economic 
challenges. 
Physical: Acute 
Increasing severity 
of extreme weather 
events (e.g. 
heatwave, flooding) 
Operational 
Climate change may increasingly 
cause operational disruption, which 
could compromise Bupa’s ability to 
deliver products and services safely to 
customers, patients, and residents; the 
health and safety of Bupa’s people 
could also be impacted. 
▪ The operational resilience 
framework takes into account 
extreme weather events. 
▪ The Climate-related Guidance 
Working Group has published its 
Care Home Heatwave Guide in 
2022. This guide represents the 
first of a collaborative, cross 
functional, global effort to distil 
the real-world experiences and 
expertise of our teams in our MUs 
into central guidance, to share 
best practice internationally. 
Physical: Chronic 
Gradual, long-term 
changes in 
precipitation (e.g. 
rain), temperature, 
and sea-level rise 
Insurance 
Changes in global temperatures 
and weather patterns will affect 
the healthcare needs of our 
customers and may lead to 
increased claims costs or shifts 
in the treatments required. 
Our insurance business aside, 
this could also impact our health 
provision and aged care businesses 
(e.g., the elderly population may be 
more susceptible to increased heat). 
▪ We know that people will be 
more unwell in a world that 
experiences increased climate 
change. The short-tailed nature of 
our products allows us to respond 
through pricing, although this can 
be limited by pricing controls in 
some markets. The affordability 
impacts from price increases 
would need to be carefully 
considered. 
▪ To develop our understanding 
of the potential impacts arising 
from the relationship between 
planetary and human health 
(in terms of both risks and 
opportunities), Bupa will be 
performing an exploratory 
climate-related health 
impact scenario in 2023. 
1. Short term (1-3 years). Medium term (3-5 years). Long term (5+ years). 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 47 
        
        
         
         
         
        
       
     
         
     
      
          
        
         
        
       
        
        
      
           
        
       
        
      
        
        
        
      
       
        
      
        
         
      
         
       
          
        
       
       
       
        
         
       
      
         
  
          
        
       
         
       
       
        
        
  
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Risk continued 
We have incorporated the financial risks from climate 
change into our wider stress testing programme. The 
results of our scenario analysis carried out to date 
suggest that our strategy is resilient to the financial 
risks from climate change. We continue to evolve and 
mature our climate scenario analysis along with our 
disclosure approach and scan for developments and 
improvements in scenario methodology and data. 
The following section sets out some of the key 
highlights from tests performed to date. 
Climate Biennial Exploratory Scenario (CBES) scenarios 
- Bupa has utilised two scenarios from the PRA’s CBES 
(although Bupa was not formally invited to participate) 
to help explore the possible impacts to the Group 
balance sheet from climate change over a 30-year 
horizon: ‘Late Action’: a ~2oC, disorderly transition 
scenario, achieving net zero by 2050 (comparable to 
the Network for Greening the Finance System (NGFS) 
Disorderly scenario); and ‘No Additional Action’, a 
4.1oC scenario with high physical risk due to a lack of 
transition (comparable to the NGFS Hot House World 
and the Representative Scenario Pathway (RCP) 8.5 
scenarios). We have tailored some of the provided 
property valuation shock parameters to ensure 
relevance for our specialist property portfolio (e.g. care 
homes, retirement villages, and hospitals) based on the 
impacts of increased physical risk (e.g. floods), across 
multiple territories, using publicly available third-party 
data sources where available, and additional internal 
judgements. The scenarios also include a shock for 
property adaptation costs and increased insurance 
premiums across the entire property portfolio, as well 
as an assessment of the impacts on our investment 
portfolio and the value of Bupa’s debt. 
Other scenarios - Our 2022 Stress and Scenario Testing 
programme helped us to better understand localised 
climate change risks as well as a range of potential 
impacts which could be driven by climate change 
(although not exclusively) over the following 12-month 
period. For example: Global scenarios; impacts of 
increased inflation on insurance claims and expenses 
across all businesses (possibly a potential outcome of 
an energy price shock and/or carbon pricing). Local (i.e. 
Business Unit) scenarios: impacts of strategic workforce 
risks (including workforce shortages, increased attrition, 
and higher staff costs), supply chain disruption risk, and 
regulatory changes. 
In 2023, new analysis will be piloted to help provide 
insights into how climate change could affect the 
prevalence and severity of certain health conditions, 
and how this might impact the frequency and average 
costs of health insurance claims (and therefore 
profitability). The analysis could help us understand 
how Bupa’s health insurance offering might need to 
adapt to meet changing customer needs and identify 
new opportunities. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 48 
  
   
 
   
    
   
   
     
    
   
   
          
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
In this section 
Governance 
50 Chairman’s governance statement 
51 Leadership 
59 Board of Directors 
63 Bupa’s system of governance 
67 Audit Committee report 
73 Risk Committee report 
76 Nomination & Governance Committee report 
79 Board Sustainability Committee report 
82 Directors’ remuneration report 
97 Other statutory information 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 49 
  
  
       
           
     
        
        
        
  
         
            
      
       
       
     
     
        
          
        
         
   
    
         
           
         
       
        
       
     
          
        
          
        
         
      
          
         
        
       
          
            
          
       
         
  
 
         
          
         
         
      
        
        
        
        
         
        
             
        
           
          
         
      
      
      
        
        
       
           
      
         
         
          
         
         
          
           
        
          
       
 
  
         
       
        
     
      
           
 
 
 
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Chairman’s governance statement 
Implementing and overseeing 
the new strategy 
Strong governance is key to Bupa’s performance 
and our ability to grow safely. The Board and its 
Committees are closely monitoring management’s 
implementation of the 3x6 strategy and are pleased 
with the progress made to date, particularly against 
a challenging backdrop of the current global macro-
economic environment. 
The strategy requires Bupa to change at pace and 
it is important to ensure that this is achieved without 
compromising our risk management and control 
environment. The Risk Committee is closely monitoring 
this. The Remuneration Committee has ensured that 
remuneration performance measures reflect our 
strategic objectives and good risk management. 
The Board has responded quickly to the challenges 
the business is facing such as managing the difficult 
operating environment for the Isapre business in Chile, 
and supporting LUX MED in its healthcare support to 
Ukrainian refugees in Poland. 
Supporting our people and customers 
We are a customer-centric business and our people are 
key to us providing a high standard of service and care 
to our customers. As well as implementing our strategy 
to start achieving our customer-focused ambition KPIs, 
the Board has endorsed further proposals from our 
Australian Health Insurance business to return COVID-19 
related savings in cash to customers. 
We have responded to the cost of living crisis through 
actions to support our employees which were targeted 
to the local situation in each market. We also launched 
Viva, a new employee health and wellbeing programme 
that will provide healthcare benefits to 100% of Bupa’s 
employees globally by the end of 2023. 
Sustainability 
Sustainability is a key pillar of our 3x6 strategy and 
our new sustainability strategy began to be developed 
in 2021 to drive its achievement. The sustainability 
strategy was reviewed by the Board Sustainability 
Committee and approved by the Board in the first half 
of 2022. I am extremely proud that Bupa is taking a lead 
in this area, focusing on the intersection of human and 
planetary health. This embodies our extended purpose 
of ‘living longer, healthier, happier lives and making a 
better world’. 
Board changes 
We said farewell to Clare Thompson during the year 
and I would like to thank her for her exceptional 
contribution to the Bupa Board over the past seven 
years, both as Audit Committee Chair and as Senior 
Independent Director. Paul Evans became Senior 
Independent Director and Audit Committee Chair on 1 
May 2022, following Clare’s retirement from the Board. 
Recruitment was well under way for two additional 
Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) at the date of last 
year’s Annual Report and I am delighted that this 
resulted in the appointments of Gunjan Bhow and 
Sally Clark to the Board as NEDs in April and July 2022 
respectively. These appointments are in addition to that 
of Pia Heidenmark Cook who also joined the Board as a 
NED in April 2022 as explained in last year’s Annual 
Report. Pia and Gunjan bring a wealth of fantastic 
experience in sustainability and digital transformation 
respectively and Sally brings additional financial 
services, people development and risk management 
expertise. We are very much looking forward to 
working with them over the coming years. This 
recruitment activity has ensured that the Board 
has the right skill set to appropriately challenge and 
oversee management’s delivery of the strategy. 
The composition of each Committee of the Board has 
been reviewed and refreshed during the year to appoint 
Pia, Gunjan and Sally to the Committees that will best 
utilise their skill sets and to provide greater flexibility 
by increasing the size of some of the Committees. 
We are also in the process of identifying an additional 
NED and a successor to Caroline Silver as Chair of the 
Risk Committee as she will complete her second three-
year term as a NED later in 2023. See the Nomination 
& Governance Committee’s report on page 76 for 
more information. 
Focus for 2023 
In 2023, the Board will continue to oversee the 
implementation of the 3x6 strategy, ensuring that 
management adapt it to navigate the risks and 
opportunities presented by the current macro-
economic environment. Board succession will also 
be a focus, in particular identifying our new Risk 
Committee Chair. 
Roger Davis 
Chairman 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 50 
     
    
         
         
          
         
       
     
        
        
     
        
         
          
         
         
         
        
          
        
          
        
          
         
           
        
        
      
    
          
         
         
        
       
       
        
       
         
         
       
     
  
      
          
    
         
        
       
          
        
        
        
          
        
         
       
         
        
       
          
     
       
        
        
         
         
         
      
         
          
         
           
       
       
         
       
         
           
  
    
       
        
         
           
        
          
           
       
  
         
       
      
       
        
          
         
    
        
        
          
          
        
        
         
        
         
        
      
   
        
         
       
       
      
       
      
       
      
          
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Leadership 
Bupa’s governance framework and the 
role of the Board 
The Board is responsible for the long-term success and 
sustainability of Bupa for the benefit of its customers 
and wider stakeholders, now and in the future. It works 
to achieve this by providing clear leadership in setting 
strategy and risk appetite and by overseeing 
management’s implementation of strategy within 
a prudent and effective governance structure and 
ensuring that Bupa’s culture is aligned with our 
purpose, values and strategy. 
We choose to apply the UK Corporate Governance 
Code 2018 (the Code) as we aim, where appropriate, 
to operate to the same governance standards as are 
required of UK listed companies. The table on pages 
65-66 signposts the location of descriptions of how we 
have applied the principles of the Code during the year. 
Bupa’s system of governance is designed to enable 
the Board to lead within a governance framework of 
prudent and effective controls which enables risks to 
be assessed and managed using a ‘three lines’ model. 
The Board delegates certain activities to its Committees 
to ensure that there is sufficient time to discuss and 
provide challenge in these areas, and to allow the 
Board to focus on key strategic decisions. As a private 
company limited by guarantee, Bupa does not have 
shareholders and the governance and many of the 
oversight activities performed by shareholders are 
instead performed by the AMs. 
There is a schedule of matters reserved to the Board 
for decision which include: setting Bupa’s strategy and 
ensuring that Bupa’s culture is aligned with its purpose, 
values and strategy; changes to the Group’s capital 
structure; approval of major transactions and significant 
capital expenditure; and overseeing the Group’s internal 
control and risk management processes to ensure that 
they remain appropriate and are operating effectively. 
The schedule is reviewed annually and is available here 
on bupa.com. All other matters are delegated to the 
Group CEO, who cascades authority to the business 
and Group Functions through a delegated 
authority framework. 
The Chairman and the Group CEO 
The roles of the Chairman and the Group CEO are 
separate with distinct accountabilities. 
The Chairman is responsible for leading the Board and 
focusing it on strategic matters, overseeing the Group’s 
business and setting high governance standards. He 
plays a pivotal role in fostering the effectiveness of the 
Board and individual Directors, both inside and outside 
the boardroom. The Chairman is also responsible for 
ensuring that there is effective communication with the 
AMs, acting as a sounding board for the Group CEO, 
and representing the Group externally. With the support 
of the Group Company Secretary, he ensures that the 
Board receives accurate, timely and clear information. 
The Group CEO, Iñaki Ereño, is responsible for the day-
to-day leadership and management of the business, risk 
appetite and annual and long-term objectives approved 
by the Board. He may make decisions in all matters 
affecting the operations, performance and 
implementation of our strategy, except for those 
matters reserved for the Board or specifically delegated 
by the Board to its Committees, executive committees 
or subsidiary company boards. He is supported in this 
by the senior executives that make up the CEC. 
Roger Davis was appointed as Chairman from 1 January 
2019, having been an independent Non-Executive 
Director since July 2015 and was re-appointed by the 
Board for a further three-year term as Chairman from 1 
January 2022. The Board was satisfied that Roger met 
the independence criteria in the Code at the time of his 
appointment as Chairman. Roger reduced the number 
of his external appointments following his appointment 
as Chairman and the Board considers that his current 
external appointments do not hinder him from 
providing sufficient time to his duties at Bupa. Details 
of his other appointments are set out in his biography 
on page 59. 
The Senior Independent Director 
Paul Evans was appointed as Senior Independent 
Director (SID) from 1 May 2022, following Clare 
Thompson’s retirement from the Board. His role is to 
serve as a conduit for Directors and AMs who may have 
concerns that have not been resolved through other 
channels, to act as a sounding board for the Chairman 
and Group CEO on Board and AM matters, and to lead 
the annual review of the Chairman’s performance. 
Non-Executive Directors 
Our NEDs provide an independent view on the running 
of our business, governance and boardroom best 
practice. They oversee, constructively challenge and 
hold to account, management in their implementation 
of strategy within the Group’s system of governance 
and the risk appetite set by the Board. The Board 
considers each of the current NEDs to meet the 
independence criteria in the Code. 
The Board comprises a majority of independent NEDs, 
and all Directors offer themselves for annual re-election 
by the AMs. NEDs are appointed for an initial three-year 
term, and any term beyond six years is subject to 
particularly rigorous review. A copy of the standard 
NED Terms of Engagement, setting out their expected 
time commitment, is available here on bupa.com and at 
Bupa’s registered office. These are also available for 
inspection by the AMs before and during the AGM. 
During the year, frequent meetings of the NEDs 
were held without management present. 
The Group Company Secretary 
Colin Campbell supports the Chairman and the Board 
by ensuring that the Board has the policies, processes, 
information, time and resources it needs in order 
to function effectively and efficiently. This includes 
ensuring that the Board receives accurate, timely 
and clear information, and assisting in the Board 
and Committee evaluation process, NED succession 
planning and recruitment, and engaging with AMs, 
including arranging the Annual General Meeting (AGM). 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 51 
     
 
        
        
          
          
         
        
         
     
          
    
        
       
        
       
           
         
      
        
          
       
      
       
       
  
      
        
        
         
             
          
        
           
           
          
         
        
         
       
        
         
           
       
         
    
   
         
          
         
          
         
         
      
       
       
       
      
          
          
        
         
   
     
           
         
         
         
       
      
        
          
       
        
        
     
         
          
   
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Leadership continued 
Board diversity, skills and succession 
planning 
Succession plans are regularly reviewed by the Board 
and the Nomination & Governance Committee, and we 
plan a phased replacement of NEDs who are coming to 
the end of their tenure. This approach is designed to 
ensure continuity on the Board and to maintain an 
appropriate balance of skills and experience on the 
Board and its Committees. The Board as a whole 
reviews succession plans for senior executives 
to ensure that we have a strong pipeline of executive 
talent within the business. 
Bupa’s Board Diversity Policy is available here on 
bupa.com. The Policy requires all Board appointments 
to be made on merit, employing objective criteria 
reflecting the skills, knowledge and experience required 
to ensure a rounded and effective Board. The Board is 
focused on increasing diversity and aspires to achieve 
an appropriate proportion of Directors reflecting 
different ethnic and social backgrounds who have direct 
experience of some of Bupa’s key markets. At Bupa, the 
concept of diversity includes race, social, educational 
and professional background, disability, gender, sexual 
orientation, religion, belief and age, as well as 
culture, personality, work style, and cognitive and 
personal strengths. 
Diversity also includes a diversity of perspectives 
on what motivates and interests Bupa’s existing and 
potential customers. We aim to ensure that candidates 
for the Board and senior management are taken from 
as wide a pool as possible, and the firms that assist us 
in our recruitment are all signatories to the Voluntary 
Code of Conduct for Executive Search Firms. Currently, 
33% of the Board, and 27% of the CEC, are women. 
As at 31 December 2022, 46% (2021: 47%) of the 
direct reports of the CEC were women compared to 
76% of Bupa’s workforce as a whole. Gunjan Bhow’s 
appointment to the Board has provided some ethnic 
and geographical diversity to the Board as well as 
digital expertise, which had previously been identified 
as a key gap in the Board’s skill set. 
We note that Bupa’s Chairman, CEO, CFO and SID 
are all currently men, which falls short of the diversity 
standards being introduced for UK listed companies, 
and intend to address this in succession planning and 
future recruitment for these roles. 
Conflicts of interest 
Each Director is required to notify the Company as 
soon as possible of any actual or potential conflicts 
of interest, and this requirement has been adhered 
to during the year. In addition, the Group Company 
Secretary carries out an annual review of all Directors’ 
actual or potential conflicts of interest and any such 
potential conflicts were recorded and authorised. 
The Nomination & Governance Committee reviews 
Directors’ potential conflicts during the year as 
appropriate. Should a conflict arise, the relevant 
Director agrees to exclude themselves from 
discussions and voting on any matter in which they 
may be conflicted. Many of our NEDs hold external 
appointments, but each NED has confirmed that they 
are able to devote sufficient time to perform their 
role effectively. 
Board training and knowledge building 
Each of the Directors is required to keep up to date 
on matters potentially affecting the business, and we 
arrange regular briefings for them over and above any 
training they may receive outside of Bupa. During the 
year, the Board participated in several development 
sessions on environmental and sustainability matters, 
providing the Board with valuable reference points in 
an increasingly important area which lies at the heart 
of Bupa’s strategy. Further knowledge-building sessions 
were arranged during the year on areas including 
future clinical developments, data and digital health 
capabilities and business transformation. Briefings 
on technical issues related to the matters within 
their respective remits are also held by the Board’s 
Committees, as needed. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 52 
    
  
   
      
        
          
         
        
          
           
       
      
        
          
       
       
        
        
       
         
 
       
     
       
       
        
         
        
         
         
         
           
         
       
        
       
          
           
         
        
        
       
          
   
         
         
        
         
         
       
        
           
       
        
     
           
        
          
  
         
             
         
      
        
       
    
         
          
         
          
         
         
        
          
          
       
          
          
       
          
        
        
       
         
          
       
          
       
       
      
         
            
            
          
        
           
         
      
       
        
          
         
        
       
      
      
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Leadership continued 
Key activities in 2022 
Oversight of implementation 
of the 3x6 strategy 
The Board is closely monitoring management’s 
progress on implementing the 3x6 strategy approved 
last year and has moved from an annual strategy day 
to receiving detailed updates on different pillars of 
the strategy at each scheduled Board meeting.These 
cover progress on both the key elements of the current 
strategy, as well as planning ahead for the next stage of 
Bupa’s development from 2025 onwards, including the 
balance between healthcare funding and healthcare 
provision activities. The Board is pleased with the 
progress made on the strategy to date as detailed in 
the Strategic Report, demonstrated by our improving 
underlying profit and progress towards achieving the 
target KPIs under the 3x6 strategy, particularly against 
a challenging backdrop of the current global macro-
economic environment. The Strategic Report gives 
more detail on the progress of our strategy during 
the year. 
Oversight of our strategy includes reviewing the 
performance of underperforming businesses and 
ensuring that management are taking actions to 
improve their performance and, where necessary, to 
turn them around. Bupa Global has performed strongly 
in 2022 as part of our focused portfolio management 
approach. Sanitas Mayores, our aged care business in 
Spain, also delivered good results as it emerged from 
the pandemic, and is sharing its expertise with other 
aged care businesses in the Group. We believe we 
have the right strategies in place to turn around our 
UK dental and Australian aged care businesses. The 
Board is particularly focused on addressing workforce 
pressures in these Business Units. The Audit Committee 
has reviewed the relevant accounting judgements that 
arise as a result of the performance of these businesses 
in detail and more information can be found in its report 
on page 67. The Risk Committee has also closely 
monitored the risks to the execution and achievement 
of our strategy and ensuring that change happens 
within a suitable control framework. More detail 
can be found in its report on page 73. 
Supporting our customers 
During the year, the Board, and a specially constituted 
committee of the Board, endorsed a series of proposals 
from our Australian Health Insurance business as part 
of Bupa’s commitment to not profit from COVID-19 
and return related savings to customers, through a 
combination of deferral of premium increases and 
returns of cash to eligible customers. The total 
value of this support for customers during 2022 was 
AUD$536m. The total level of financial assistance 
to Australian Health Insurance customers since the 
pandemic started now totals over AUD$875m. 
The Board is proud of our colleagues in Poland for the 
support they are providing to Ukrainian refugees. This 
will continue to be funded for as long as needed. 
Supporting our people 
Our people are the driving force behind our business 
so we need to take care of them so that they can 
also enjoy longer, healthier, happier lives. The Board 
receives regular updates on people-related matters, 
including the results of our People Pulse surveys, 
wellbeing, health and safety updates, and talent 
and succession planning. 
Iñaki Ereño is passionate about looking after our people 
and has been the driving force behind the project to 
provide, for the first time in our history, healthcare 
benefits to all of Bupa’s employees globally by the end 
of 2023, to support their health and wellbeing. This 
initiative, called Viva, is fully supported by the Board 
and really demonstrates our purpose in action. More 
detail can be found in the Section 172 statement on 
page 36 and the People and Culture section on page 18. 
The Risk Committee has closely monitored current 
workforce risks, such as the ability to recruit and retain 
sufficient staff with the right skill sets and capacity and 
resilience pressures on our workforce, and provided 
regular updates to the Board on this. These issues have 
also been monitored through People updates to the 
Board from the Chief Sustainability and People Officer. 
The cost of living has increased disproportionately 
around the world in recent months, creating a cost 
of living crisis for many people, including within our 
workforce. The Board has endorsed local responses 
suitable to the situation in each of our markets. Actions 
taken included bringing forward pay increases by 
several months and providing one-off payments to 
help ease the cost of living. 
Sustainability 
In 2021, we identified sustainability as a core pillar 
of our 3x6 strategy and set our ambition to become a 
net zero business by 2040 as we want Bupa to have a 
positive impact on the world. Since then, we have been 
developing a detailed sustainability strategy to set out 
how we aim to achieve the ‘making a better world’ part 
of our purpose. On the recommendation of the Board 
Sustainability Committee, the Board approved our 
sustainability strategy in early 2022. The sustainability 
strategy focuses on the intersection of human and 
planetary health as this is the area where we believe 
that Bupa, as a healthcare organisation, can have the 
greatest impact. The Board believes that the strategy 
sets out ambitious objectives which will create 
measurable business value and brand differentiation, 
while also safeguarding Bupa’s long-term viability. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 53 
       
        
         
           
        
       
           
        
        
       
       
        
          
   
          
           
       
     
  
         
        
         
        
        
  
        
         
         
            
        
        
          
        
           
    
 
         
       
       
           
          
          
       
         
          
           
       
         
         
          
          
         
        
 
    
        
         
            
           
       
       
         
     
       
    
       
        
      
       
        
       
  
     
      
         
        
            
         
        
         
         
         
   
      
          
           
          
           
       
        
         
          
     
          
         
       
        
          
        
          
         
          
       
       
      
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Leadership continued 
In July 2022, the Board reviewed management’s 
plans to implement the sustainability strategy and 
the initial priorities. This included driving actions to 
meet Bupa’s target to reduce its global Scope 1 and 2 
greenhouse gas emissions footprint by 40% from our 
2019 baseline. The Board also considered progress 
on external assurance over the Group’s Scope 1, 2 and 
limited Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions data for 
2021, and it approved a report containing these 
disclosures on the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee in December 2022. A new Sustainability 
Enterprise Risk Policy was also approved by the 
Board in late 2022 on the recommendation of the 
Board Sustainability Committee. 
More details of the sustainability strategy can be found in 
the Sustainability and ESG section on page 22, the Board 
Sustainability Committee’s report on page 79 and the 
Section 172 statement on page 36. 
Chilean Isapre business 
One of Bupa’s businesses in Chile, Isapre Cruz Blanca, 
has been negatively impacted by judicial and regulatory 
action. There has been a shift in recent years which 
has severely limited the Isapre industry's ability to 
properly price to cover risk, medical inflation, and 
medical coverage. 
The most recent development was the decision of 
the Chilean Supreme Court described on page 11. 
The potential future impact on Bupa’s balance sheet 
of this decision could be material. The Board has been 
watching events in Chile closely and considering our 
future strategy for the Isapre business, and continues 
to monitor the long-term viability of our Isapre business. 
More detail regarding the financial implications is set 
out in the Financial Review on page 9 and the Audit 
Committee report on page 67. 
Other activities 
Other activities of the Board during the year include 
considering and approving the first iteration of Group-
wide Recovery and Resolution Plans for submission 
to the PRA. These are plans that the PRA requires 
insurance groups to put in place at both an insurance 
entity level and at holding company level to set out 
potential actions the Company and/or the regulator 
could take to maintain or recover the Group’s solvency 
in an extreme stress scenario or, if necessary, the steps 
that could be taken to wind down the Group in an 
orderly fashion. The Risk Committee considered the 
draft plans in detail ahead of recommending them to 
the Board. These plans will continue to be developed 
based on feedback from the PRA and changes to the 
business over time and are there to ensure that our 
customers are protected as much as possible in the 
event that the Group faced an extreme stress scenario. 
Our people 
Culture and our people 
The Board is responsible for ensuring that our culture 
is aligned with Bupa’s purpose, values and strategy at 
all levels of the organisation. In order to do our best for 
our customers, we need to take care of our people, and 
this will lead to strong and sustainable performance 
to enable us to deliver our purpose. 
The Board monitors culture in a number of ways, 
including direct workforce engagement (described 
further below) and regular people-related items on 
its agenda including: 
▪ Measuring our people’s engagement level and how 
they embody Bupa’s values through our People Pulse 
survey tool and considering recommendations to 
management in response to the survey results 
▪ Regularly considering the level of, and themes arising 
from, reports received through our Speak Up 
whistleblowing process 
▪ Leadership development, talent and succession, 
inclusion and diversity, and employee wellbeing. 
The Board has also received specific updates on culture 
and initiatives helping drive change in Bupa’s culture 
to more agile ways of working to deliver on the 3x6 
strategy. In 2023, the Board will receive regular updates 
on 'Changemaker', a global initiative which is being 
established to create more capacity for Bupa to both 
run and change. More information on some of these 
initiatives can be found in the People and Culture 
section on page 18. 
Listening to and engaging our people 
Listening to the views of our people and engaging with 
them on matters important to them is key to our culture 
and values. The results of our People Pulse surveys are 
considered by the Board and have led to a number of 
initiatives, including the introduction of Viva, described 
under Supporting our people above. The results of 
People Pulse surveys carried out during the year, and 
Viva are described in more detail in the People and 
Culture section on page 20. 
We want our people to see the Board as accessible 
and approachable. With the travel restrictions in place 
during the COVID-19 pandemic having been largely 
relaxed, we have resumed our programme of arranging 
site visits for Directors to different parts of the Group. 
These visits provide an invaluable opportunity for our 
people to ask questions directly to the Board and for 
the Directors to gain an insight into the issues 
important to our people in various parts of the 
business. This helps enhance decision-making and 
consideration of the longer-term impact of the 
Board’s decisions on our people. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 54 
          
         
        
         
          
          
        
         
    
       
       
        
        
        
         
        
         
       
        
         
         
        
        
          
          
      
          
       
         
        
       
          
       
      
            
    
      
        
            
        
         
     
        
          
        
        
    
        
         
       
         
        
           
         
         
     
      
        
        
   
     
        
           
          
         
        
        
        
        
   
    
         
           
       
        
       
       
          
        
        
      
         
    
  
       
       
       
      
      
       
      
       
       
     
      
     
       
  
     
  
        
     
       
      
        
        
         
    
      
         
      
       
    
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Leadership continued 
This year, a group of our NEDs visited our Australian 
business where, as well as meeting with executives to 
gain deeper insights into the business, they attended 
a number of customer-facing sites, including a dental 
clinic, aged care facility and a hospital where they were 
able to talk to frontline staff. As already referenced, the 
Chairman and Group CEO visited our Polish colleagues 
to see first hand their efforts to provide healthcare 
support for Ukrainian refugees. 
In December 2021, the Nomination & Governance 
Committee agreed an enhanced approach to engaging 
with the workforce and selected Roger Davis, Michael 
Hawker and Matías Rodríguez Inciarte as the designated 
Directors to meet regularly with representatives of our 
workforce and to participate in workforce events in the 
UK, Australia and New Zealand, and Spain, respectively. 
A programme of events for 2022 was developed for 
each Director and the designated Directors have 
provided quarterly updates to the Board on their 
activities during the year. We believe that this approach 
is working well and there has been strong alignment 
of the insights reported through these processes 
with reports to the Board from other channels. 
In the UK, the Chairman held a roadshow, visiting a 
dental practice and a number of care homes and has 
committed to attending regular employee drop-in 
sessions in 2023 on a variety of diversity and inclusion 
issues. Employees had welcomed the opportunity to 
find out more about the Board, the Chairman and 
Bupa’s response to the crisis in Ukraine. Staff 
appeared highly engaged and provided feedback 
on improvements to technology and use of data that 
would further enhance their working practices and 
performance and that the increasing digitalisation 
of the care services business in line with the Group’s 
strategy was enhancing engagement. 
Matías Rodríguez Inciarte has discussed employee 
retention issues, the People Pulse results for Spain 
and other parts of the ELA Market Unit, and Speak Up 
with local management. He visited the Spanish dental 
business, a Spanish care home and spent time with 
managers responsible for customer relationships. 
Feedback was very positive with the continued impact 
of COVID-19 being felt in the care homes and work/life 
balance considered an issue by some staff. However, 
local management were aware of this and considering 
what action could be taken. 
Mike Hawker holds regular meetings with the Australian 
People team and met with staff from the Australian 
Health Insurance business to discuss their background, 
working culture and the impact of recent changes in 
the business. Mike also visited an optical/auditory 
store and a dental clinic in Australia and care homes 
in New Zealand. Feedback on Bupa’s culture and 
the local leadership team was very positive with 
improvement requests relating to technology, 
data and pace of change. 
The Board has found this feedback extremely useful 
and has provided feedback to local management 
teams where relevant. 
Senior succession and talent review 
During the year, the Board considered talent reviews 
of senior executives in the BGUK and ELA Market Units 
in addition to its regular review of senior talent below 
CEC level and succession plans for each CEC member. 
The reviews considered the quality of our senior 
leadership talent pool to deliver the Group’s strategy 
and transformation. It also takes diversity and inclusion 
into account with 43% of identified future leaders 
being female. 
Sustainability and ESG governance 
Sustainability and ESG issues are a key focus for 
the Board and a core pillar of our 3x6 strategy. 
Effective oversight of sustainability-related risks and 
opportunities are essential to Bupa’s ability to execute 
the strategy and achieve long-term sustainable growth. 
A sustainability and ESG governance and oversight 
framework is in place to ensure that there is sufficient 
oversight of these areas at both senior management 
and Board level and that management have clearly 
defined accountabilities to ensure that sustainability 
remains a priority for the organisation and is factored 
into decision-making every day. 
Board oversight 
The Board has overall responsibility for establishing, 
and approving any changes to Bupa’s sustainability 
strategy, on the recommendation of the Board 
Sustainability Committee. The Board’s oversight of 
sustainability and ESG issues, including climate-related 
risks and opportunities to our operations, investments 
and insurance underwriting, is undertaken by: 
▪ Reviewing and guiding strategy, major plans of 
actions, stress testing and scenario planning, risk 
management policies, annual budget plans 
▪ Setting performance objectives for management and 
monitoring their implementation and performance, 
including in relation to targets to address climate-
related issues 
▪ Overseeing major capital expenditures, acquisitions 
and divestitures. 
During the year, the Board approved Bupa’s new 
sustainability strategy and Enterprise Sustainability 
Policy on the recommendation of the Board 
Sustainability Committee (see the Board Sustainability 
Committee report on page 79 for more information) 
and our current Modern Slavery Statement (see page 
34) and received briefings on a number of sustainability 
and ESG-related matters as follows: 
▪ Sustainability strategy updates, including updates on 
the level of the Group’s energy usage from renewable 
sources, and advocacy and partnership initiatives 
developed in advance of COP 27, which 
representatives of Bupa attended 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 55 
      
         
    
      
   
        
       
       
    
       
      
      
        
      
        
          
           
       
      
        
      
     
       
     
    
   
   
      
   
        
          
         
       
         
       
       
         
    
       
          
          
         
       
     
         
       
         
       
        
        
           
        
          
      
  
       
        
       
         
         
       
        
      
       
      
       
        
     
         
       
       
       
       
         
        
       
       
 
       
       
        
         
       
       
           
       
      
      
       
        
      
         
       
       
         
         
    
         
        
     
        
       
         
         
         
      
        
           
          
      
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Leadership continued 
▪ Culture and employee engagement updates, including 
the results of our People Pulse surveys (see page 20) 
▪ Employee wellbeing, health and safety 
▪ Employee engagement updates from our designated 
NEDs (see page 55). 
More information relating to the Board’s oversight of 
climate-related risks and opportunities can be found 
in the TCFD table on page 101. 
Board Sustainability Committee oversight 
The Board Sustainability Committee assisted the Board 
in articulating and developing Bupa’s sustainability 
strategy and oversees sustainability actions and 
initiatives across Bupa, in line with Bupa’s purpose, 
values, corporate strategy and sustainability strategy. 
The Committee’s remit covers monitoring our net zero 
targets, as well as Bupa’s contribution to, impact on and 
role in society in the countries in which it operates. This 
includes monitoring the content and completeness of 
Bupa’s external statements, disclosures and other 
reporting on sustainability and ESG matters. See the 
Board Sustainability Committee report on page 79. 
Oversight by other Board Committees 
The Risk Committee is responsible for overseeing 
climate-related risks and opportunities, including 
in relation to: 
▪ Our investing activities 
▪ Our own operations 
▪ Our insurance underwriting activities and other 
products and services. 
During the year, the Risk Committee considered climate 
risk and stress tested a scenario based on the financial 
risks posed to the Group by climate change, including 
transition risk arising from the significant structural 
changes to the economy needed to achieve net zero 
emissions, and physical risks associated with higher 
global temperatures and changes to climate and 
weather. More information can be found in the Risk 
Committee report on page 73. 
More information relating to the scenario analysis 
carried out to date and our plans to evolve this 
approach can be found in the TCFD table on page 101. 
The Audit Committee, as requested by the Board or 
the Board Sustainability Committee, reviews the 
Group’s strategically material external statements 
and disclosures in relation to sustainability and ESG 
matters and oversees any external assurance over 
such disclosures. During the year the Audit and 
Board Sustainability Committees held a Directors’ 
development session on ESG assurance and held a 
joint meeting to consider Bupa’s first Greenhouse 
Gas Emissions Report for 2021, covering Scope 1, 2 and 
selected Scope 3 categories and the external limited 
assurance carried out by PwC on that report. See each 
Committee’s report for more information on this. 
Management’s role 
The Group CEO is responsible for ensuring climate-
related risks and opportunities are fully integrated into 
the Company’s long-term business strategy. The Group 
Chief Risk Officer (CRO) oversees the risk functions that 
are fundamental to the governance of climate risks and 
opportunities. In addition, our CFO oversees further 
core governance that ensures that climate risks and 
progress against our Science-Based Targets initiative 
validated science-based targets are built into our 
reporting and business planning, including through 
our Responsible Investment and Sustainable Finance 
teams. Our Chief Sustainability and People Officer is 
responsible for overseeing sustainability governance 
and strategy and for leading a team that coordinates 
these activities across our Market Units. Responsible 
business conduct governance and strategy is also 
coordinated across Market Units and Functions and 
sits within the Chief Legal Officer’s remit. 
The CEC comprises the Group CEO, Group CFO, Market 
Unit CEOs and Functional Directors. Their remit includes 
being accountable for the executive leadership and 
execution of Bupa’s sustainability strategy and wider 
ESG agenda. 
The Chief Sustainability and People Officer chairs 
the Sustainability Steering Committee (SSC), which 
oversees Bupa’s global agenda and reports to the 
CEC as necessary. The Group CFO, Chief Medical 
Officer (CMO), CRO, sustainability leads and core 
representatives from Bupa’s Market Units are members 
of the SSC. The SSC is accountable to the CEC for 
driving Bupa’s sustainability strategy delivery. It reviews 
the Group’s Sustainability and ESG performance, 
including risks and opportunities, oversees reporting, 
and finalises recommendations to the Group CEO, 
CEC, Board Sustainability Committee and the Board. 
More information relating to management’s role, 
including the CEC and SSC, in assessing and managing 
climate-related risks and opportunities can be found 
in the TCFD table on page 101. 
For more information on our sustainability and ESG activities, 
see the Sustainability and ESG section on page 22. 
Board and Committee performance 
This year, an externally facilitated review of the Board 
and Committees was carried out by an independent 
external evaluator, Boardroom Review Limited 
(Boardroom Review), who also carried out the previous 
externally facilitated review in 2019. The evaluation 
involved observation by Dr Tracy Long of meetings of 
the Board and each of its Committees, and interviews 
with each Director and some members of the senior 
management team, including the Group Company 
Secretary. An initial meeting to discuss the findings 
was held with Roger Davis prior to the report being 
circulated to the rest of the Board and discussed at 
a Board meeting in February 2023. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 56 
         
         
         
          
        
       
        
         
         
        
        
        
        
         
     
       
          
           
        
         
        
          
 
        
        
         
       
       
     
          
         
      
      
        
       
         
         
       
      
     
 
 
        
   
            
   
 
   
           
      
          
         
 
              
      
 
  
 
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Leadership continued 
Taking account of the findings in the report, the 
Board concluded that the Board and Committees had 
operated effectively during the year. In particular, it was 
found that the Board was being well led and informed 
by the Chairman, the Executive Directors and senior 
Non-Executive Directors, and the Board had good 
diversity of tenure and experience. Meetings of the 
Board and its Committees are collegial but with the 
ability to speak openly and to challenge. There was 
considered to be a shared strategic perspective among 
Board members and good insights were being provided 
in relation to key performance issues and stakeholder 
matters. Significant attention was being paid, in parallel, 
to risk and control matters, and the corporate culture 
was considered to be a strength. 
The principal actions flowing from the evaluation, 
which were agreed by the Board, are summarised in 
the table below, and the reports of each Committee set 
out their respective principal actions arising from their 
consideration of the evaluation report as it related to 
the working of each Committee. Progress against these 
actions will be reported on in the 2023 Annual Report 
and Accounts. 
Agreed actions from 2022 Board evaluation 
Topic Agreed action 
Roger Davis led the evaluation of each Director’s 
performance in 2022 and concluded that each Director 
had carried out their duties effectively during the year 
and contributed to the Board’s performance, devoting 
sufficient time to the Company’s business and 
constructively challenging management. In particular, 
the NEDs who joined Bupa during the year are already 
demonstrating the value they have added to the Board 
through their different skills, backgrounds and 
experience. 
Following his appointment as Senior Independent 
Director, Paul Evans led the assessment of Roger 
Davis’s performance as Chairman during the year 
and the Board agreed that Roger continues to 
provide strong leadership and direction to the Board, 
maintaining the Board’s focus on implementing the 
3x6 strategy and managing external challenges. 
By 
Governance Develop the succession process for the Group Chairman Board/Nomination 
& Governance 
Committee 
Governance Further enhance the level of engagement with, and oversight of, the Group Board/Nomination 
by the AMs & Governance 
Committee 
Strategy Consult with an external expert analyst to gain an additional external 
perspective on the Group’s strengths and weaknesses 
Board 
Cyber-security Re-energise the Group’s approach to cyber-security and develop and test 
a revised Group approach to responding to cyber-security incidents 
Board/Risk Committee 
Inclusion and Take steps to increase diversity in the CEC and general manager succession Board/Remuneration 
Diversity pipeline and among the senior Board roles Committee/ 
Nomination & 
Governance 
Committee 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 57 
        
           
  
     
      
     
     
      
     
       
        
      
        
      
     
         
       
        
          
        
      
       
            
           
         
           
 
        
       
         
       
       
     
       
        
       
       
      
   
         
          
       
   
         
  
 
         
      
        
     
      
      
   
    
 
     
      
    
          
          
        
       
        
          
         
         
          
 
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Leadership continued 
Progress against actions from the 2021 Board evaluation 
The Board reviewed progress against the 2021 evaluation actions during the year. 
Topic Agreed action Progress made 
Overseeing 
culture 
Further develop methods to measure 
the Group’s culture, including measuring 
behaviours to demonstrate Bupa’s values 
are embedded throughout the business. 
Implement the new approach to workforce 
engagement involving the Chairman and 
two NEDs being designated to engage with 
our people in the UK, Australia and New 
Zealand, and Spain. When site visits 
can resume, we aim to enable the 
Directors to meet representatives 
of the local workforce. 
Methods to measure the Group’s culture have been further 
developed with regular Board agenda items on People-
related matters. The new approach to the Board’s 
engagement with Bupa’s workforce is a key part of this. 
The new approach has been implemented with the 
designated Directors undertaking a programme of 
engagement activities throughout the year. This approach 
is working well so far and will be continued in 2023. More 
detail on this and other site visits that Directors have made 
this year is set out under the People heading above. 
See the Our people and culture section on page 18 for 
additional information. 
Strategy This follows on from the action that arose 
from the 2020 Board evaluation to build 
The Board has continued to work with management to 
develop the vision for Bupa in 2025 and beyond including 
on the Five-Year Vision and develop a new considering external perspectives on the future of 
strategy with the new Group CEO. Now healthcare and business transformation. 
that the 3x6 strategy has been approved, 
the Board has requested management 
develop further their thinking on what the 
See the Strategy section on pages 7-8 for more 
information. 
Group should look like in 2025 and onwards 
and enhance its analysis of external factors 
that could impact the direction of the 
strategy or the business’s ability to 
deliver the strategy. 
Talent and Bupa needs to ensure that there is a depth Talent and succession plans for ELA, BGUK and the CEC 
executive of talent and management capability across and below have been considered by the Board during the 
succession the Group to achieve its strategy. It aims 
to do this through: 
year and the Board’s mentoring programme for senior 
executives has continued. The new Strategic Performance 
▪ Holding focused sessions on talent and 
succession with the CEOs of each 
Market Unit 
Plan (SPP) was approved by the Remuneration Committee 
and the Board in early 2022 and a revised remuneration 
policy was approved by Association Members at the 2022 
AGM. See the Directors’ remuneration report on page 82 
▪ Continue with Board mentoring for details of how the SPP has been implemented during 
programme the year. 
▪ Ensuring that the new long-term 
incentive plan will help attract new 
talent to Bupa. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 58 
   
  
 
  
        
       
           
      
          
        
        
            
      
        
          
    
  
   
   
     
    
  
 
     
          
            
        
              
             
        
         
           
            
          
          
   
     
       
      
       
         
           
         
            
        
         
     
  
    
          
          
         
          
        
        
        
           
        
         
         
         
            
      
   
     
    
   
     
   
 
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Board of Directors 
External appointments 
Appointed: 
2015 and as 
Chairman in 2019 
Roger Davis Chairman 
Roger brings an international mindset and extensive business 
experience gained through his wide-ranging executive career 
in financial services, as well as a good understanding of risk 
management and regulatory requirements. This experience 
was gained through a variety of executive roles at Robert 
Fleming (in equity sales, corporate broking, and investment 
banking) and Barclays plc culminating with his appointment 
as an executive director and Head of UK Banking. Roger also 
brings previous non-executive and chairman experience 
through his former appointment as chairman of Sainsbury’s 
Bank and a non-executive director of Experian plc where he 
also chaired the remuneration committee. 
Chairman of 
Global RadioData 
Communications and 
Future for Heroes and non-
executive director of ABM 
Communications Limited. 
Appointed: 
2021 
Iñaki Ereño Group Chief Executive Officer None 
Iñaki joined Bupa in 2005 and gained a deep knowledge 
of the business, prior to being appointed as Group Chief 
Executive Officer (Group CEO), through his previous roles 
as CEO of Sanitas and of the ELA Market Unit. This puts Iñaki 
in a strong position to drive Bupa to achieve its ambition to 
be the world’s most customer-centric healthcare company. 
Previously, he held senior positions at the Telefonica Group 
and Carrefour as well as founding an online start-up. Iñaki has 
a degree in Law and an MBA from IESE Business School. Iñaki 
is passionate about sustainability and the need for Bupa to 
take proactive steps to help build a healthy planet for 
healthy people. 
James Lenton Group Chief Financial Officer None 
James brings significant experience in financing, capital 
allocation and business transformation, including steering 
organisations through periods of substantial change. His 
previous roles include chief financial officer of Hammerson plc, 
a FTSE 250 owner and manager of properties with a European 
Appointed: portfolio and chief financial officer of AIG’s European Group. 
2021 Earlier in his career, James was a partner at EY providing a 
range of assurance and advisory services including M&A, 
financing and external audit to clients including FTSE 100 
companies and financial services groups. 
Appointed: 
2018 
Paul Evans Senior Independent Director 
Paul provides health insurance expertise to the Board from his 
various senior roles at AXA, culminating in being group chief 
executive officer of AXA’s global Life, Savings and Health 
businesses. He is also a chartered accountant and spent 13 
years at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. This, together with his 
current non-executive roles, enables Paul to provide challenge 
to management and has given him considerable experience 
of strategy, risk management and solvency issues. Paul is also 
currently a non-executive director of Bupa’s UK regulated 
insurance subsidiaries and a member of the CEO Advisory 
Oversight Committee (AOC) of the BGUK Market Unit. This 
deepens Paul’s knowledge of the business and increases the 
level of Board oversight of this business. Paul is also a former 
chairman of the Association of British Insurers. 
Chairman of Allianz 
Holdings plc and the board 
of trustees of Youth@Heart. 
Non-executive director of 
Swiss Re Europe SA and 
Swiss Re International SE. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 59 
   
       
          
       
        
        
         
         
        
            
       
         
       
          
        
          
          
         
    
  
      
  
       
   
  
    
   
    
   
  
   
           
         
          
          
        
         
        
         
             
      
    
          
        
         
        
   
     
    
  
    
      
    
    
    
    
  
  
    
      
        
          
       
      
      
          
          
          
         
          
 
  
     
  
  
    
   
     
    
  
    
    
   
   
   
     
   
    
   
   
     
    
    
 
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Board of Directors continued 
External appointments 
Appointed: 
2022 
Gunjan Bhow Non-Executive Director 
Gunjan’s significant experience of digital transformation of 
global organisations adds an important skill set to the Board. 
He has led customer-centric, data-driven digital innovation 
and transformation of companies in the healthcare, media, 
retail, and e-commerce sectors in multiple geographies. Most 
recently, Gunjan served as the Global Chief Digital Officer 
at Walgreens Boots Alliance, leading the development of 
healthcare business at a large global organisation operating 
in 25 countries. Prior to that, Gunjan led The Walt Disney 
Company’s digital transformation, bringing it closer to 
the consumer by leading initiatives around data, artificial 
intelligence, e-commerce, and digital marketing. In addition, 
Gunjan led the growth of Amazon Prime by growing and 
launching new businesses such as Prime Video, Amazon 
Studios, and Amazon Fire TV. Gunjan also serves as a non-
executive director on various boards in the UK and USA 
to help grow their organisations’ capabilities related to 
customer, data, and digital. 
Non-executive director 
on the board of BBC 
Commercial Limited 
and on the boards of 
several US-based 
organisations: The 
Child Mind Institute, 
Recreational Equipment, Inc, 
Wideopenwest, Inc and One 
Call Care Management, Inc. 
Appointed: 
2022 
Sally Clark Non-Executive Director 
Sally brings 30 years of experience in internal audit and risk 
management in financial services from her roles at JPMorgan 
and RBS and, most recently, as Chief Internal Auditor at 
Barclays, which helps to ensure that the Board continues to 
have strong financial services experience. At Barclays, she 
was also the executive sponsor of its wellbeing agenda. 
Sally has non-executive experience in financial services from 
her current role at Citigroup Global Markets Limited and 
from her previous role at Metro Bank plc. She also brings a 
regulatory technology perspective from her non-executive 
roles at Acin and KORE. 
Sally is a fellow of the Institute of Leadership and 
Management, and an executive coach and leadership adviser. 
She was previously Deputy President and a Council Member 
of the Chartered Institute of Internal Auditors. 
Non-executive director and 
chair of the audit committee 
at Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, non-executive 
director of Acin Limited 
and KORE Limited. On the 
advisory board of Career 
Masterclass (a platform to 
accelerate career growth for 
Black, Asian and ethnically 
diverse professionals). 
Appointed: 
2019 
Michael Hawker AM Non-Executive Director 
Mike possesses considerable international knowledge and 
experience of financial services and risk management, gained 
over more than 35 years in the banking and insurance 
industries, in both executive (Insurance Australia Group, 
Westpac Banking Corporation and Citibank) and non-
executive (Macquarie Group Limited, Westpac Banking 
Corporation and Aviva plc) roles in Europe, Asia and Australia. 
He is also a non-executive director and deputy chairman of 
Bupa’s Australia and New Zealand business and is a member 
of its audit, remuneration and risk committees. This gives 
Mike in-depth knowledge of the business in Australia and 
New Zealand. 
Non-executive director 
of the ASX100 listed 
companies Westpac 
Banking Corporation, 
Vicinity Centres Limited and 
lead independent director 
of Washington H Soul 
Pattinson and Company Ltd. 
Non-Executive Director 
of Allianz Australia. Non-
executive director of a 
number of non-profit 
organisations, including the 
Museum of Contemporary 
Art in Sydney and Jawun, 
which supports indigenous 
and rural communities in 
Australia to establish self-
management. Awarded a 
Member of the Order of 
Australia for services to 
the community in 2010. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 60 
 
    
       
        
         
         
             
        
        
         
        
        
       
    
  
      
     
   
   
     
     
    
     
    
    
    
       
   
     
     
      
  
   
    
    
   
 
 
   
         
         
        
         
         
         
           
        
          
         
        
          
         
         
         
       
   
      
    
  
 
 
    
       
        
            
         
            
         
        
           
         
        
         
     
    
  
     
    
    
    
    
   
    
    
   
    
   
  
 
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Board of Directors continued 
External appointments 
Appointed: 
2022 
Pia Heidenmark Cook Non-Executive Director 
Pia has considerable corporate ESG and sustainability 
expertise, as well as innovation and transformation experience 
from over 25 years leading sustainability strategies in large 
corporates, as well as managing large multinational teams. She 
was at Ingka Group (Ikea) for 13 years where she was Head of 
Sustainability, Retail & Expansion, and then Chief Sustainability 
Officer with responsibility for leading and driving sustainability 
across Ingka Group. She was previously vice president of 
corporate social responsibility at Rezidor Hotel Group and co-
chair of The Retailers’ Environmental Action Programme and 
has MScs in Environmental Management and International 
Business Administration and Economics. 
Non-executive director 
and member of the board, 
as well as audit and 
nominating and corporate 
governance committees of 
Origin Materials Inc (in the 
US) and Max Burgers AB 
(in Sweden). Senior 
Adviser at Teneo (ESG 
and Sustainability team). 
Member of the Advisory 
Board and senior adviser 
to the CEO of The DO 
(Germany). Member of 
the Advisory Board of 
the Boards Impact Forum, 
the Nordic chapter of the 
Climate Governance 
Initiative, in collaboration 
with the World Economic 
Forum. Member of the 
advisory board of 
Decathlon SA. 
Appointed: 
2019 
Cath Keers Non-Executive Director 
Cath brings valuable digital consumer expertise to the Bupa 
Board, with over three decades of professional and leadership 
experience across the retail, consumer, digital and technology 
sectors for both small, scale-up businesses, such as Trusted 
Housesitters Group Limited and Ustwo Limited, to large listed 
businesses including her current role as chief marketing officer 
of Sage Group plc. Previously, Cath was chair of Tesco Mobile 
Limited, chief marketing officer at Telefonica O2 Holdings 
Limited and a non-executive director of The Sage Group plc, 
Royal Mail plc, Home Retail Group plc, Liverpool Victoria 
Friendly Society Limited and Telefonica Europe. She was 
also a non-executive director and chair of the remuneration 
committee of Funding Circle Holdings plc, Home Retail Group 
plc and Liverpool Victoria Friendly Society Limited. She was 
also a member of the remuneration committee while a non-
executive director of The Sage Group plc. 
Chief marketing officer 
of The Sage Group plc. 
Chairman of Ustwo Limited 
and Trustedhousesitters 
Group Limited. 
Appointed: 
2019 
Matías Rodríguez Inciarte Non-Executive Director 
Matías brings significant experience of Spanish financial 
services, risk management and government to the Board. 
He is currently chairman of Sanitas S.A. de Seguros, Bupa’s 
Spanish health insurance business, and a member of its 
audit and risk committees, and chair of the ELA Market Unit 
Advisory Oversight Committee, both of which give the Board 
greater non-executive insights into these businesses. His early 
career included roles in the Spanish civil service and as a 
Minister in the Spanish Government. Matías then held several 
executive roles at Banco Santander S.A., including executive 
vice president and chief financial officer, and vice chairman 
and head of risk management. 
Chairman of Union de 
Creditos Inmobiliarios, 
S.A., E.F.C., a non-executive 
director of Financiera El 
Corte Ingles E.F.C., S.A., 
both credit institutions, and 
an independent director of 
Financiera Ponferrada S.A. 
Sicav, a Spanish investment 
fund. Head of Santander 
Universities, a Department 
of Banco Santander in 
charge of Santander’s 
Program with Universities. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 61 
  
    
       
       
          
          
         
           
          
            
        
         
           
        
          
          
         
         
       
     
   
    
    
 
  
   
         
       
          
         
           
          
        
        
      
      
     
   
   
    
      
    
    
  
     
    
      
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
   
  
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Board of Directors continued 
External appointments 
Appointed: 
2019 
Professor Melvin Samsom Non-Executive Director 
Melvin has substantial international research, clinical and 
management experience from his career in gastroenterology 
and as a hospital chief executive. He has been responsible 
for transformation of healthcare systems in various roles and 
countries. He was previously the director of health, wellbeing, 
and biotech of NEOM, a proposed new, futuristic city in Saudi 
Arabia. In his current roles as a senior international adviser 
to Saudi Arabia, he has been focusing on the design and 
transformation of a public healthcare system at country 
level. Melvin’s previous roles include chief medical officer 
and chief executive of Radboud University Medical Center in 
the Netherlands and chief executive of Karolinska University 
Hospital in Sweden. Furthermore, he was the chairman of the 
Supervisory Board of Stockholm Care AB and member of the 
Supervisory Board for TIAS School for Business and Society. 
These have given Melvin valuable experience of clinical risk 
management, development of healthcare strategies in various 
countries and effecting cultural change. 
Senior international adviser 
for the Health Holding 
Company of the Ministry 
of Health. 
Appointed: 
2017 
Caroline Silver Non-Executive Director 
Caroline has over 30 years of experience in international 
investment banking, most recently as managing director 
and partner of Moelis & Company. A chartered accountant, 
she previously held senior corporate finance and M&A roles 
at Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch as well as non-executive 
roles in several listed companies across a variety of industries. 
Caroline brings a wealth of international experience, especially 
within financial markets, and brings strategy, regulatory and 
risk management experience to the Board. 
Chair of PZ Cussons plc and 
chair of its nomination and 
ESG committees. Director 
of Intercontinental 
Exchange, Inc. and chair 
of its subsidiary, ICE Clear 
Europe Limited. Advisory 
partner at Moelis & 
Company. Non-executive 
director and member of the 
audit committee at Tesco 
plc and trustee of The V&A 
Foundation. Caroline will 
join Barratt Developments 
plc as non-executive 
director and chair-designate 
from 1 June 2023. 
Committee key 
Committee 
Chair Audit Nomination & Governance 
Remuneration Risk Board Sustainability 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 62 
   
         
        
        
        
         
        
    
       
        
      
      
       
           
        
       
       
        
         
          
        
  
        
       
         
       
        
        
      
     
         
        
 
        
     
      
    
      
    
       
    
     
     
 
   
 
         
      
         
        
        
       
         
         
        
         
      
      
          
          
   
       
          
         
        
       
       
      
         
        
      
      
        
        
        
        
        
       
  
     
    
          
         
          
       
         
           
        
           
          
     
        
         
     
        
        
       
        
        
      
       
         
        
        
        
        
      
         
        
        
          
           
          
         
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Bupa’s system of governance 
Our Board governance structure 
As a private company limited by guarantee, Bupa does 
not have shareholders. The governance and many of 
the oversight activities performed by a company’s 
shareholders are instead performed by the AMs, who 
exercise their voting rights at general meetings of the 
Company. For more information, see the Section 172 
statement on page 36. 
The Board is ultimately responsible for establishing 
and monitoring Bupa’s system of governance, risk 
management and internal control, and setting 
associated policies for implementation by management. 
Bupa’s governance structure is designed to enable 
the Board to lead within a framework of prudent and 
effective controls which enables risks to be assessed 
and managed. The Board retains ultimate responsibility 
for risk management; however, detailed oversight is 
designated to the Audit Committee and the Risk 
Committee in line with their terms of reference. See 
their reports on pages 67 and 73 respectively for more 
information on their role and activities during the year. 
Risk Management Framework 
Our system of governance includes a Risk Management 
Framework (RMF) implemented using a ‘three lines’ 
approach, which is overseen by the Board and its 
Committees. In addition, the External Auditor provides 
further assurance to the Audit Committee and the 
Board in relation to the Group’s financial statements. 
The RMF seeks to ensure that: 
▪ Appropriate governance arrangements are in place. 
▪ There are clear and established risk appetites in key 
areas of risk and opportunity within which the 
business operates. 
▪ Risk management processes are in place to identify, 
assess, monitor, manage and report risks. 
▪ Effective controls are implemented and monitored 
to reduce risk exposure. 
▪ Documentation is maintained for key processes, 
key controls and responsibilities. 
▪ Risk management information is used to make 
effective decisions across the business. 
This includes identifying emerging risks and 
climate-related risks and understanding their 
potential consequences. 
Three lines model 
First-line accountability 
All our people are responsible for managing risk and 
ensuring compliance with relevant laws, regulation, 
best practice and Bupa policies and processes within 
their role. This ranges from care home employees 
following procedures to keep our residents safe to 
senior managers ensuring that they have appropriate 
and up-to-date policies and procedures in place in their 
areas and that their people are following these and 
reporting any breaches or incidents quickly and fully. 
During 2022, we began a process to enhance first-line 
accountability through the establishment of the Group-
wide Integrated Management System (IMS) referenced 
on page 8. This aims to link policies and procedures, 
underlying processes and staff roles in a way that drives 
standardisation and reinforces accountabilities. 
To help our people understand their responsibilities, 
we have the Bupa Code (which was refreshed during 
2022 – see more information on page 34), mandatory 
training on key topics, and role-specific training for 
frontline people. We also undertake regular internal 
communications campaigns on key issues to maintain 
awareness and share relevant information. Each 
Business Unit sets target risk outcomes for the year, 
which are reviewed and agreed with Market Unit 
management and Group management risk committees. 
These are subsequently monitored by local 
management and the outcomes reported to the Risk 
Committee. Enterprise Risk Policy owners in the first 
line of defence carry out continuous monitoring of 
compliance with our Enterprise Risk Policies and their 
assessment is challenged by the second line (risk, 
compliance and clinical governance) and third line 
(internal audit). 
Second-line assurance – Risk, compliance 
and clinical governance 
The CRO leads the Risk Function and reports to the 
Group CEO. The CRO has unfettered access to the 
Chairman and to the Chair of the Risk Committee, which 
has responsibility for approving the appointment (and 
removal) of the CRO. The Risk Function operates across 
the Group and each Market Unit has a chief risk officer. 
In 2022, the Clinical Governance Function moved from 
the leadership of the CMO to report to the Group CRO 
to better align with the Group strategy and the links 
between our insurance and provision businesses. 
The Risk Function is responsible for the consolidation 
of risks across Bupa and reporting them to 
management through the management-level Bupa 
Enterprise Risk Committee, and to the Risk Committee. 
It has established the principles and framework that 
support the processes and procedures to identify, 
assess, manage, monitor and report risks to which 
the Group is, or might be, exposed. 
The Function provides independent oversight and 
challenge of risk governance and risk management 
practices conducted by the first line, and forms an 
independent view on the quality and sufficiency of 
the business’s risk management activities and internal 
control environment. It reports on the quality and 
sufficiency of these first-line activities to the Risk 
Committee. This includes providing a second-line 
opinion on the effectiveness of internal controls and the 
management of risks within appetite, which forms part 
of an integrated Internal Control and Risk Management 
Report that sets out the opinion of all three lines. 
Details of the principal and other significant risks to the Group 
and our progress in building a strong risk management culture 
are set out in the Risk section on page 42. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 63 
      
         
      
       
       
      
        
       
         
       
        
 
          
        
        
      
        
        
        
         
    
      
       
       
           
       
       
  
      
        
        
       
          
         
      
         
        
  
         
       
   
        
      
       
 
       
       
     
         
        
        
         
       
      
         
     
       
      
        
      
          
     
       
  
        
          
          
         
   
         
          
        
       
         
       
    
       
      
      
  
          
          
   
  
        
        
        
          
         
         
         
         
      
      
         
       
 
         
        
         
          
         
         
        
       
         
      
         
         
          
       
           
        
        
         
     
          
    
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Bupa’s system of governance continued 
Third-line assurance – Group Internal Audit 
The Chief Audit Officer (CAO) leads the Group Internal 
Audit (GIA) Function and provides independent 
assurance to the Audit Committee by examining, 
evaluating and reporting on the adequacy and 
effectiveness of Bupa’s governance, risk management 
and internal control processes in relation to Bupa’s 
objectives and risk appetite. The CAO reports 
to the Audit Committee, which has responsibility 
for approving their appointment (and removal), 
and secondarily reports to the Group CEO on 
day-to-day operations. 
An Internal Audit Charter is in place which sets out 
the Function’s role, authority and independence. GIA 
operates in accordance with the Global Institute of 
Internal Auditors’ international standards and the 
UK Chartered Institute of Internal Auditors Financial 
Services Code (FS Code). The Internal Audit Charter, 
which is reviewed annually, was approved by the 
Audit Committee in September 2022 and is available 
here on bupa.com. 
GIA undertakes risk-based assurance work in 
accordance with an assurance plan approved and 
monitored by the Audit Committee. GIA’s assurance 
plan is aligned with the planned work of the Group Risk 
Function to enable collaboration and coordination and 
improve coverage and efficiency of assurance activities 
where appropriate. 
In 2022, global cross-geographic and functional 
practice groups continued to operate to coordinate and 
support the implementation of assurance work and to 
share information about audit outcomes, insights and 
actions. Global audits were carried out in relation to risk 
management of third parties with access to Bupa data, 
clinical governance, and payment compliance industry 
data security standards. A number of key risk themes 
were also reviewed across each audit including the 
extent to which: 
▪ The three lines and risk culture are embedded and 
contributing towards an effective system of risk 
management and internal control. 
▪ Data is used to drive decisions and handled 
appropriately. 
▪ Employee responsibilities are clear and understood, 
and key people risks are appropriately recognised 
and addressed. 
▪ ‘Change activity’ is governed, managed and executed 
effectively, enabling Bupa to achieve its strategic 
intentions. 
▪ Information security risks are adequately controlled. 
The CAO regularly reports to the Audit Committee on 
GIA’s activities as well as management’s progress in 
addressing findings from its assurance work, and all 
GIA reports are made available to Audit Committee 
members. The CAO regularly attends Risk Committee 
meetings, and other executive committee fora, 
including the CEC, to ensure that GIA’s work is 
adequately informed, supported and communicated. 
GIA maintains a quality assurance and improvement 
programme which includes continuous external quality 
assurance activity undertaken by a third party; internal 
quality control monitoring; and annual self-evaluation 
against the UK Internal Audit Code of Practice and FS 
Code. Quality assurance and improvement feedback 
is also gathered via stakeholder and employee 
engagement surveys. 
During 2022 an external quality assessment of GIA 
was undertaken by an external assessor and its findings 
were discussed at a meeting of the Audit Committee in 
January 2023. See the Audit Committee report on page 
67 for more information. 
GIA’s assurance plan for 2023 is aligned with Bupa’s 
strategy and areas of key risk arising from the nature 
and breadth of Bupa’s businesses within the context 
of the current macroeconomic environment. Key 
areas of focus of the 2023 assurance plan include: 
key components of the Group’s strategic framework 
and transformation plans, information technology 
and data, risk management and control (including 
implementation of the IMS), workforce management, 
legal and regulatory compliance, clinical governance, 
and sustainability. 
Further details of the activities of the Audit Committee in 
relation to GIA are set out in the Audit Committee report 
on page 71. 
Integrated reporting 
An integrated report, which provides an overview and 
assessment of the Group’s systems of risk management 
and internal control in 2022, combining inputs from 
each of Bupa’s three lines, was presented to a joint 
meeting of the Audit and Risk Committees in February 
2023. The report enables the Board and its Committees 
to assess the Group’s systems of risk management and 
control in a comprehensive and consistent way, and to 
consider relative strengths, weaknesses and future 
improvement opportunities. The report also provides 
the basis on which the Board reports on Bupa’s 
compliance with associated aspects of the Code. 
Whistleblowing 
We foster an open and honest culture which includes 
encouraging and enabling our people and third parties 
to raise concerns of any malpractice or wrongdoing at 
Bupa in a secure and anonymous way in cases where 
reporting directly to a manager is not appropriate or 
the concern has not been fully addressed. We run 
regular internal campaigns to raise awareness of Speak 
Up, Bupa’s internal whistleblowing process, and provide 
feedback on the actions taken in response to concerns 
raised. All employees complete mandatory annual 
training and there are Speak Up officers for each 
business. We use our engagement survey to test the 
level of confidence our people have in Speak Up, and 
invite feedback. The Audit Committee annually reviews 
the Speak Up policy to ensure that it is robust and 
operating effectively and recommends it to the Board 
for approval. The Board receives regular updates on 
issues reported through Speak Up during the year and 
on investigations and actions taken. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 64 
  
     
         
       
      
        
       
      
   
        
          
        
        
       
          
         
       
         
       
         
      
      
        
       
        
          
        
        
     
       
         
        
       
        
      
         
     
        
        
           
    
     
   
       
         
        
        
        
         
    
       
          
        
        
        
           
            
       
         
 
    
        
 
       
         
        
    
       
      
         
       
    
       
      
       
        
         
         
         
 
 
  
      
     
        
           
     
          
     
      
         
     
       
    
          
    
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Bupa’s system of governance continued 
External Auditor 
External audit provides independent assurance 
to the Company concerning the audited financial 
information in this Annual Report and Accounts. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) is our current 
External Auditor. The lead audit partner, Jo Leeson, 
attends all meetings of the Audit Committee and 
Risk Committee and provides regular reports to 
the Audit Committee. 
PwC has internal procedures and controls in place 
to follow the Ethical Standard issued by the Financial 
Reporting Council (FRC) for auditors to ensure that 
it remains independent. There are no contractual 
obligations restricting the Group’s choice of External 
Auditor and there is no limitation of liability in relation 
to statutory audit activities in the terms of PwC’s 
appointment as External Auditor of the Company. 
Bupa has an Audit and Non-Audit Services Policy, 
setting out the circumstances under which the 
Group’s External Auditor can be engaged for non-audit 
services, recruitment restrictions for candidates with 
employment experience with the External Auditor 
and monitoring and reporting requirements for Bupa 
employees, contractors and temporary staff with close 
family members who are employed by the External 
Auditor. The policy is in line with the FRC’s Revised 
Ethical Standard 2019 on the integrity, objectivity and 
independence of external auditors. It sets out certain 
pre-approved services, permitted services requiring 
approval and prohibits all other services. Non-audit 
services are generally capped at 70% of the average 
Group statutory audit fees paid over the preceding 
three years. In practice, only pre-approved services 
or permitted services are allowed in exceptional 
circumstances. Depending on the value, permitted 
services must be approved in advance by the Group 
Performance and Finance Transformation Director, 
Group CFO or Chair of the Audit Committee. 
Information on the Audit Committee’s interaction with the 
External Auditor during the year can be found in the Audit 
Committee report on page 71. 
Complying with the UK Corporate 
Governance Code 2018 
Strong corporate governance practices are critical to 
manage the business well, enabling the Board to make 
timely, informed decisions and ensuring the right type, 
quality and volume of information reaches the Board 
and Committees and is communicated by the Board 
to the business. Voluntarily applying the Code helps 
us to achieve this. 
Throughout 2022, we applied the Principles and 
complied with all the provisions in the Code, to the 
extent they are applicable to a company without 
shares. This table indicates where stakeholders can 
assess how the Company has applied the principles 
of the Code and where key content can be found 
in this report. We also choose to follow the FRC’s 
Guidance on Board Effectiveness 2018. The full 
text of the Code is available on frc.org.uk. 
Board Leadership and company 
purpose 
The Board’s role is described in Leadership on 
page 51. 
How the Board oversees Bupa’s purpose, values 
and strategy is set out in Leadership on page 51. 
The Board’s oversight of culture is described in 
Our people on page 54. 
Our Risk Management Framework is described in 
Bupa's system of governance on page 63. 
Our assessment of internal control is on page 66 
and our going concern and long-term viability 
statements are on page 98. 
How we engage with stakeholders and our 
Section 172 statement are on page 36. 
Our people sets out workforce practices in 
relation to Speak Up (whistleblowing) on page 54, 
ESG and Sustainability sets out the Bupa Code on 
page 34 and how the Board engages with our 
workforce is set out in People and Culture on 
page 18. 
Division of responsibilities 
The Chairman’s role and independence is 
described in Leadership on page 51. 
Balance of the Board and separation of the 
roles of Chairman and Group CEO are set out 
in Leadership on page 51. 
The role of the NEDs and the SID are described 
in Leadership on page 51. 
The time commitment and performance of 
the NEDs is described in the Nomination & 
Governance Committee report on page 76. 
The Group Company Secretary’s role is described 
in Leadership on page 51. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 65 
 
   
      
     
       
          
     
       
        
          
  
       
         
           
        
     
 
    
        
          
      
      
       
      
        
     
       
      
         
      
       
   
      
      
         
      
       
   
 
    
       
       
      
  
          
        
      
       
       
 
     
    
            
         
        
      
        
       
         
        
        
         
       
         
       
        
         
       
      
   
      
         
           
        
          
       
          
           
         
          
         
         
        
        
        
          
    
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Bupa’s system of governance continued 
Composition, succession and 
evaluation 
The Nomination & Governance Committee is 
responsible for overseeing Board succession 
plans and recruitment. The Committee’s role 
and activities during the year are set out in 
its report on page 76. 
The skills, knowledge and experience of the 
Board are regularly assessed by the Nomination 
& Governance Committee as set out in its report 
on page 76. 
The results of the externally facilitated evaluation 
of the Board and Committees carried out for 2022 
is set out on pages 56 - 57, together with an 
update on the agreed actions arising from the 
internal evaluation carried out in 2021. 
Audit, risk and internal control 
The roles of our Group Internal Audit Function 
and our External Auditor are set out in Bupa's 
system of governance on page 63. 
The Audit Committee oversees Group Internal 
Audit and the External Auditor; assesses the 
integrity of financial and narrative statements 
and whether they are fair, balanced and 
understandable; and considers significant issues 
and judgements relating to our financial results. 
Its report is on page 67. 
The Board sets the Group’s risk appetite on the 
recommendation of the Risk Committee. The 
Group’s principal risks are described in Risk 
on page 42. 
The Risk Committee’s oversight of risk 
management and internal controls is set 
out in its report on page 73. 
The Board’s statement on principal and 
emerging risks is in Bupa's system of 
governance on page 66. 
Remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee recommends 
and oversees the implementation of Bupa’s 
Remuneration Policy. Its role and activities are 
described in the Directors’ remuneration report 
on page 82. 
This part of the Code is adhered to, to the 
extent possible for a company without shares. 
Long-term incentives for executives mirror the 
requirements for a company with shares in 
respect of performance criteria, malus and 
clawback provisions. 
Effectiveness of risk management and 
internal control systems 
In line with the Principles set out in the Code, the Board 
completed an annual review of the Group’s systems of 
risk management and internal controls in 2022, covering 
the Group’s material controls, including financial, 
operational and compliance, and the impact of the 
volatile economic situation on the control environment. 
This review took into consideration the work of the 
Audit and Risk Committees during the year, including 
reports provided to those Committees from the first, 
second and third lines. In making its assessment, the 
Board received and reviewed an integrated assurance 
report which set out an overall assessment of the 
Group’s systems of risk management and internal 
control in 2022. The Board has concluded that Bupa 
has a sound system of risk management and internal 
control, with some weaknesses which are being 
addressed by management and monitored by the 
Risk and Audit Committees. 
Assessment of emerging and principal risks 
The principal and significant risks to the Group, and 
how they are being mitigated, are set out in the Risk 
section on page 42. The Risk Management Framework 
is described on page 63 above, which sets out Bupa’s 
process for the ongoing identification and management 
of these risks and emerging risks. This process has been 
in place throughout the year and to the date of this 
report and is regularly reviewed by the Risk Committee. 
These are reported to the Risk Committee on a regular 
basis through reports from the CRO, and any proposed 
changes in risk appetite are reviewed by the Risk 
Committee and approved by the Board. The Risk 
Committee’s report on page 73 explains its activities 
in relation to emerging risks during the year. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 66 
    
        
        
         
       
        
        
      
            
       
       
          
      
        
     
     
       
      
        
        
           
        
        
      
         
     
         
       
         
       
         
        
          
       
            
          
 
   
      
         
         
       
       
      
    
       
   
      
       
    
       
       
           
      
          
        
         
         
       
       
      
           
        
        
       
       
      
   
  
        
        
       
           
     
        
       
         
       
       
       
        
        
   
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Audit Committee report 
The Committee’s role and governance 
The principal functions of the Committee are to 
monitor the integrity of Bupa’s financial statements, 
the effectiveness of our internal control systems, and 
to monitor the effectiveness, performance, objectivity 
and independence of GIA and the External Auditor. 
The Committee also reviews regulatory reporting and 
external disclosure requirements. A full description 
of the Committee’s role is set out in its Terms of 
Reference which are available here on bupa.com. 
The Committee comprises five independent NEDs, all 
of whom are considered to have recent and relevant 
financial experience gained through their executive 
and non-executive careers. Two of the Committee 
members are chartered accountants. There are 
cross-memberships between the Committee, the 
Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee and the 
Sustainability Committee to oversee risk management 
and internal control, to ensure an integrated approach 
to risk management and assurance between Group Risk 
and GIA, to provide input on the quality of the Group’s 
financial results to aid remuneration decisions and to 
facilitate assurance over the reporting of data on 
greenhouse gas emissions. See the Directors’ 
biographies on page 59 for more information on each 
Committee member’s qualifications and experience. 
The Group CEO, Group CFO, Group Performance and 
Finance Transformation Director, CAO, CRO and lead 
partner of the External Auditor are routinely invited to 
attend Committee meetings. The Committee meets at 
least annually with each of the External Auditor, CAO 
and Chief Actuary in the absence of management. 
I was appointed Chair of the Committee from 1 May 
2022 following Clare Thompson’s retirement from the 
Board on 30 April 2022. I would like to thank her for 
her strong leadership of the Committee over the last 
seven years. 
Key activities in 2022 
Impairments 
The increased global uncertainty, specific developments 
in certain geographies and the increasing cost of capital 
during the second half of 2022 have increased the 
sensitivity of past investments to impairment, over 
which the Committee exercises its judgement in 
undertaking goodwill and other asset impairments. 
Management recognised material impairments across 
a number of cash-generating units (CGUs) as at 
31 December 2022. 
Management provided the Committee with increased 
analysis across relevant market conditions, the key 
judgements and assumptions underpinning future 
cash flow models and enhanced sensitivity analysis. 
This information was subject to enhanced scrutiny 
by the Committee at both the half year 2022, where 
indicators of potential impairment were identified 
(and public disclosure was made of the risks and 
uncertainties which could over time lead to impairments 
being required), and ahead of approval of the 2022 
Annual Report. At the half year 2022, the Committee 
concluded that no impairments were required; however, 
the cost of capital increased and specific challenges 
in certain businesses developed during the second 
half of the year, resulting in asset impairments for a 
number of CGUs. Where impairments were identified 
for UK Care Services, Bupa Dental Care UK, Bupa 
Chile and BVAC Australia, the Committee considered 
the appropriateness of the quantum of those 
impairments and also the related disclosure within 
the Financial Statements. 
Insurance claims reserving 
Management chose to cease accruals for the Deferred 
Claims Liability (DCL) provision from Q4 2022 as 
COVID-19 is no longer causing significant disruption 
to the availability of services. The DCL will not be 
recognised in 2023 following the implementation 
of IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts from 1 January 2023. 
The Committee considered the Group Chief Actuary’s 
report on the appropriateness of the overall level of 
insurance reserves, including the level of prudential 
margin. In reviewing and approving the insurance 
reserves, the Committee also took into consideration 
the External Auditor’s report to the Committee and 
agreed that the Group’s overall level of insurance 
reserves remained appropriate. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 67 
   
        
          
        
     
      
         
        
   
  
        
         
         
         
   
        
        
        
        
        
         
       
      
      
       
       
         
     
    
 
       
        
         
       
       
       
        
        
      
        
       
        
          
          
         
       
      
        
       
      
         
      
        
       
       
       
      
       
         
       
          
       
   
         
        
       
        
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Audit Committee report continued 
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts 
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17) comes into 
effect for Bupa’s 2023 financial year. During the year 
the Committee reviewed the Group’s final IFRS 17 
technical accounting policies, material policy 
application judgements, transition adjustments to the 
Group’s 2022 opening reserves under IFRS 17 and the 
disclosures in the Annual Report regarding the effect 
of that transition. 
IT general controls 
We reported last year on the remediation programme 
under way to uplift information security and IT general 
controls. This is an ongoing process in a fast-evolving 
area and remains an area of interest to the Committee. 
Group Reporting Controls Environment 
The Committee considered a review of the Group’s 
IFRS consolidation and wider production process for 
the Annual Report and Accounts, considering the risks 
across the end-to-end process and the associated first 
line key control and governance processes which were 
in place to support the production of timely, complete, 
and accurate disclosures. The Committee was satisfied 
with management’s self-assessment that the control 
environment concerning Group reporting was effective. 
For future assessments, the Committee requested that 
additional strategic perspectives be considered in order 
to pre-empt potential risks to the process and to 
identify potential mitigants for such risks. 
Assurance over our 2021 GHG 
Emissions Report 
During the year, the Board Sustainability Committee 
asked the Committee to oversee the internal and 
external assurance over Bupa’s Scope 1, 2 and selected 
Scope 3 GHG emissions footprint (GHG Emissions 
Footprint). Having a complete and accurate baseline 
GHG Emissions Footprint is important to measure 
progress in achieving Bupa’s net zero ambition, and 
having this data externally assured gives the data 
additional credibility, and provides reassurance to 
external stakeholders that they can trust the data 
we publish. The baseline year is 2019. 
In June 2022, the Committee approved the engagement 
of PwC to carry out limited assurance over the Group’s 
GHG Emissions Footprint for 2021 in view of their ability 
to carry out high-quality assurance and ability to cover 
Bupa’s complex geographical presence and mix of 
business lines. The Committee also received updates 
on the progress of internal and external assurance 
activities covering processes and controls, and the 
completeness of the GHG Emissions Footprint. 
In November 2022, the Committee met jointly with the 
Board Sustainability Committee to consider Bupa’s 
draft 2021 GHG Emissions Report and PwC’s limited 
assurance report. The Committee also reviewed and 
challenged the materiality level and level of 
management discretion proposed in a draft GHG 
emissions recalculation policy at which baseline 
emissions data would be recalculated to account 
for significant events such as large acquisitions or 
divestments. This policy had been developed in 
line with the GHG Protocol published by the World 
Resources Institute and the World Business Council 
for Sustainable Development. 
The final 2021 GHG Emissions Report and PwC’s limited 
assurance report were reviewed by the Committee in 
December 2022 and the Committee recommended the 
2021 GHG Emissions Report to the Board for approval. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 68 
     
   
        
       
         
        
        
        
       
      
         
        
       
       
       
         
       
         
    
       
       
         
           
  
        
         
            
           
    
       
           
          
        
         
          
        
       
          
        
 
      
       
      
       
        
       
      
        
        
         
         
         
          
           
          
        
            
         
  
         
    
 
        
        
         
        
     
     
         
          
      
     
        
       
         
          
         
     
         
        
      
         
         
          
  
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Audit Committee report continued 
Significant issues and areas of judgement 
Key issue Committee response 
Goodwill and intangible assets 
Significant levels of goodwill and intangibles are held 
in respect of prior acquisitions. Impairment reviews 
are inherently complex and require a high level of 
judgement to be applied due to the uncertainty 
involved in forecasting future cash flows and judging 
the appropriateness of discount rates used and future 
growth rates of the respective businesses. During 
2022 global economic uncertainty, including increases 
in inflation, has led to increases in central bank 
interest rates and volatility in bond yields. This 
increased the sensitivity of past investments to 
impairment, over which the Committee exercises its 
judgement in undertaking goodwill and other asset 
impairments. 
A number of impairments have been recognised as at 
31 December 2022 and therefore further judgement 
has been required in relation to the quantum and 
disclosure of those impairments. 
The Committee critically reviewed and discussed management’s 
reports outlining the key assumptions within impairment 
assessments for Bupa's most sensitive CGUs and challenged the 
results in the light of business performance and the more volatile 
external environment. 
The impacts of increased discount rates, global inflationary 
pressures, and certain industry specific pressures on Bupa’s CGUs, 
along with the impact of the pandemic on future cash flows where 
this has become clearer, have been key areas of focus within 
management’s analysis and judgements. 
The Committee considered the appropriateness of impairments 
recognised in the Bupa Dental Care UK, BVAC Australia, Bupa Care 
Services and Bupa Chile CGUs, along with the disclosure regarding 
the wider impairment testing undertaken on these specific 
impairments. The Committee also received a report from the 
External Auditor of its views on the assessments performed by 
management. The Committee is satisfied that the assumptions 
applied were reasonable, the impairments recognised were 
materially accurate and the carrying value of goodwill and other 
intangible assets as at the reporting date were appropriate. 
Insurance reserves 
Calculation of the outstanding claims provision 
is based on assumptions including claims 
development, margin of prudence, claims costs 
inflation, and medical trends and seasonality, which 
require a high level of judgement and actuarial 
expertise. Bupa continued to hold additional insurance 
reserves during the year where constructive 
obligations relating to the pandemic required such 
liabilities to be recognised. Where these exist, the 
amount and timing of in-scope deferred claims that 
are expected to rebound continue to be a key 
judgement. 
The Committee considered the appropriateness of the overall level 
of insurance reserves held at key reporting dates. The Committee 
received a report from the Chief Actuary setting out estimates of 
the IFRS insurance reserves, including the consolidated margin of 
prudence and the key assumptions underpinning the deferred 
claims provision in Australia, as well as the result of the annual 
review of compliance with Bupa’s Claims Reserving and Liability 
Adequacy Standards. 
The Committee also took into consideration the External Auditor’s 
report to the Committee. 
Property valuations 
Bupa has a significant portfolio of care homes, 
hospital and office properties which are revalued to 
fair value on a periodic basis, with external valuations 
undertaken at least triennially. Bupa also has a 
portfolio of investment properties, primarily 
retirement villages in New Zealand. 
In valuing care home property, a judgement is made 
on the highest and best use of the property. The 
underlying assumptions involved in the valuation 
estimates, including profitability, occupancy levels 
and capitalisation rates and discount rates, are 
subject to a high level of judgement. 
The Committee received the results from the external valuations 
undertaken as part of the triennial property review, primarily across 
Australia, New Zealand and UK properties, and also Directors’ 
valuations performed in other Business Units. 
The Committee also reviewed reporting from the External Auditor 
addressing the valuations to assess their reasonableness and 
considered the appropriateness of disclosures made. 
The Committee is satisfied that the revaluation exercise undertaken 
by management is sufficiently robust and that the resultant 
movements in fair value across the Group’s property portfolio is 
appropriate. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 69 
 
   
         
       
      
        
        
       
          
  
         
           
           
          
           
     
        
        
     
   
       
       
       
        
      
         
 
        
       
       
         
   
       
           
      
          
         
       
          
           
          
        
        
         
         
 
        
            
      
  
    
         
       
 
        
      
      
    
        
        
       
 
     
        
    
       
      
         
        
     
       
     
       
   
    
      
          
         
          
          
       
       
     
       
       
      
       
       
      
 
      
        
       
       
        
       
      
       
       
          
        
       
       
         
        
        
       
     
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Audit Committee report continued 
Key issue Committee response 
Pension assets and liabilities 
Bupa’s principal defined benefit scheme in the UK is 
The Bupa Pension Scheme. Significant judgement is 
exercised in determining the actuarial assumptions 
used in valuing the pension obligations, which include 
the discount rate, rates of inflation, salary increases 
and mortality. This judgement has heightened during 
the year as a result of increased volatility across these 
key assumptions. 
The Committee reviewed the assumptions used in the valuation 
of the related pension assets and liabilities performed by the 
independent scheme actuary at both the half year and full year. 
The Committee also took into consideration the External Auditor's 
report to the Committee on the assumptions used in the valuation 
of the pension liabilities. 
The Committee concluded that management’s IAS 19 valuation 
exercise was sufficiently robust and prudent, with appropriate 
disclosure made within the financial statements. 
Provisions and contingent liabilities 
The Group has circumstances arising over the 
ordinary course of business, including losses which 
might arise from litigation, disputes, interpretation of 
tax law or local regulator interactions. Judgement is 
exercised in determining whether the circumstances 
should give rise to the recognition of provisions or 
contingent liabilities. 
In the case of material contingent liabilities further 
judgement is required in arriving at appropriate 
disclosure of such matters. A material contingent 
liability has been disclosed in relation to a Chilean 
subsidiary, Isapre Cruz Blanca. 
The Committee considered potential material contingent liabilities 
across the Bupa Group through their review of the key accounting 
and tax judgements presented by management. 
In relation to Isapre Cruz Blanca the Committee were provided 
with extensive additional information and analysis by management. 
The Committee considered and challenged management’s technical 
accounting assessment of the IAS 37 provision criteria, in particular 
the judgement that a reliable estimate could not be formed, and 
therefore no provision recognised, as at 31 December 2022. In 
addition, the Committee considered the disclosure made within 
the financial statements for appropriateness and completeness. 
The Committee also reviewed reporting from the External Auditor 
regarding the IAS 37 accounting judgements and Bupa’s contingent 
liability disclosures. 
The Committee concluded that both management’s assessment that 
no provision could be reliably estimated as at 31 December 2022 and 
the related contingent liability disclosure were appropriate. 
Fair, balanced and understandable 
In assessing whether the 2022 Annual Report was fair, 
balanced and understandable, the Committee found as 
follows: 
▪ The narrative reporting in the Strategic Report is 
consistent with the financial statements, providing 
challenge and feedback throughout the compilation 
of the 2022 Annual Report. 
▪ The key judgements referred to in the narrative 
reporting and the significant issues reported in this 
Audit Committee report are consistent with the 
financial statements. 
▪ Statutory and alternative performance measures, 
such as underlying profit, have been given equal 
prominence and are clearly explained. 
▪ Key performance indicators reflect those used to 
measure business performance, and management are 
able to explain their relevance in assessing the results. 
▪ Clear, simple explanations are given of the business 
model, Bupa’s strategy and accounting policies. 
▪ Key messages are clearly highlighted with consistent 
wording throughout the 2022 Annual Report. 
▪ The layout and presentation are clear with 
appropriate language used throughout. 
Going concern and longer-term viability 
Management presented their going concern assessment 
to the Committee ahead of the Board’s approval of the 
Group’s 2022 half year results and 2022 Annual Report. 
This included analysis of the impact of a number of 
stress scenarios on the Group’s base plan for the period 
2023-2025 and their impact on Bupa’s solvency, 
liquidity, borrowings and trading profitability. It further 
considered contingent liabilities, guarantees and 
commitments and the Group’s current risk management 
policies and procedures. The Committee agreed with 
management’s conclusion that in each plausible 
scenario the testing provided comfort that Bupa 
was expected to remain a going concern. 
Restoring trust in audit and corporate 
governance reforms 
The Committee is overseeing management’s response 
to the reforms proposed by the UK Government's 
former Department for Business, Energy and Industrial 
Strategy (BEIS) and the Financial Reporting Council 
(FRC) on restoring trust in audit and corporate 
governance (the Reforms). The Reforms could impose 
additional responsibilities on companies and audit 
committees in relation to corporate reporting, internal 
controls and external audit requirements. The exact 
scope and nature of many of the requirements is still 
uncertain, with further detailed proposals yet to be 
published for consultation. The Committee has also 
agreed that an Audit and Assurance Policy should 
be developed as this is consistent with the wider 
objective of the Reforms to build trust and credibility 
by improving the quality of corporate reporting. This 
Policy will cover both financial and non-financial 
reporting, including our wider ESG reporting. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 70 
        
        
           
        
       
        
         
          
          
          
          
        
        
        
        
        
     
   
          
       
          
          
         
           
        
    
       
       
       
       
       
          
           
     
  
       
       
      
 
      
        
        
        
 
       
          
        
        
        
     
         
          
          
         
         
      
          
     
       
        
     
       
   
      
          
 
  
        
          
       
           
         
        
          
         
            
     
  
       
       
           
       
       
        
       
       
         
        
       
        
         
       
        
         
        
         
        
       
          
          
       
        
         
       
        
       
      
       
         
         
       
        
    
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Audit Committee report continued 
The Committee and the Risk Committee annually assess 
Bupa’s system of risk management and internal control 
and report their findings to the Board. See page 66 for 
the Board’s conclusion on the Group’s risk management 
and internal control environment during 2022. However, 
we are considering whether our internal control system 
could be further strengthened in response to aspects of 
the Reforms which may not be mandatory for Bupa but 
with which we may choose to comply. The Committee 
has asked management to ensure that the IMS is utilised 
as much as possible in any activity to strengthen our 
internal controls (see the Risk Committee report on 
page 73 for more details of the IMS). 
The FRC’s new Draft Minimum Standard for Audit 
Committees is being reviewed and the Committee will 
consider appropriate changes to its terms of reference 
when the final standard is published. 
Group Internal Audit (GIA) 
The assurance provided by GIA is an important part of 
the Committee’s consideration of Bupa’s overall control 
environment. Further details on the role of GIA and its 
work during the year are available in the Bupa’s system 
of governance section on page 64, and information on 
the Group’s RMF can be found in the Bupa’s system of 
governance section on page 63. During 2022, the 
Committee interaction with GIA included: 
▪ Reviewing regular reports from the CAO covering 
GIA’s progress towards completing its 2022 Global 
Assurance Plan, findings from GIA assurance activity 
and the effectiveness of management’s actions in 
responding to these findings, and insights relating 
to root causes of findings and thematic issues – 
all of which help the Committee to monitor the 
effectiveness of risk management and control 
across the Group 
▪ Reviewing the Group’s integrated report on the 
ongoing effectiveness of Bupa’s systems of internal 
control and risk management, including the 
CAO’s opinion 
▪ Reviewing and approving GIA’s risk-based 2023 
Global Assurance Plan and budget (2023 Plan). The 
Committee is satisfied that GIA has the appropriate 
resources and ways of working to achieve its 
2023 Plan. 
GIA’s effectiveness is assessed internally each year, 
with an external quality assessment at least every five 
years. In 2022 the Committee commissioned an external 
quality assessment of GIA to assess its effectiveness 
and compliance with the Global Institute of Internal 
Auditors’ international standards (the Standards) 
and the FS Code. The external assessor presented 
the results to the Committee in January 2023. They 
reported that GIA met a high level of conformance with 
the Standards and the FS Code. The Committee agreed 
with the external assessor that GIA is an effective, 
innovative, well-respected and valued function that 
focuses its work in the right areas of the business, 
and delivers high-quality assurance outcomes. 
The Committee clarified areas for ongoing future 
development which are in line with GIA’s strategy, 
including: embedding data-led analytics assurance 
capabilities, executing its digital strategy, and further 
evolving principles-based assurance methodology. 
The Committee noted the recommended enhancements 
and that GIA had plans in place to implement these 
during 2023. 
Chief Audit Officer 
The Committee is responsible for the appointment and 
removal of the CAO and, through the Chair, sets the 
CAO’s objectives and reviews their performance, taking 
into account the views of the Group CEO. The CAO has 
access to the Committee Chair and Board Chairman as 
required and is directly accountable to the Committee. 
The current CAO has been in role since August 2019. 
I held regular meetings with the CAO throughout 
the year, and the CAO met in private with the full 
Committee twice without management being present. 
External Auditor 
During the year, the Committee assessed the 
performance of PwC in conducting the audit of 
the 2021 Annual Report which was its first year of 
engagement as External Auditor. The assessment was 
carried out using questionnaires sent to Committee 
members, standing attendees and the chairs of the 
audit committees of the Group’s major insurance 
subsidiaries. Overall, the Committee agreed that the 
audit had been effective and of good quality with 
PwC providing good challenge to management on 
accounting policies and key issues and judgements. 
However, the audit had been delivered later than 
planned, leading to a delay in announcement of the 
Group’s 2021 Full Year Results. The Committee 
acknowledged that the first audit was more complex 
than usual for a variety of reasons. However, the 
Committee felt that this outcome could have been 
avoided if there had been greater visibility of the 
progress of the audit during the process. PwC 
acknowledged the complications that arose during its 
first audit of Bupa and had met with management to 
agree what steps could be taken for the 2022 audit 
to avoid a recurrence of this situation. 
In the interest of safeguarding the independence of 
the External Auditor, Bupa complies with the relevant 
regulatory requirements and the FRC’s Ethical Standard 
for auditors, relating to the provision of non-audit 
services by the External Auditor. The Committee 
monitors compliance with Bupa’s Non-Audit Services 
Policy and all non-audit service engagements entered 
into with PwC in 2022 were approved in compliance 
with the requirements of this policy. This included the 
engagement to provide limited assurance over Bupa’s 
2021 GHG Emissions Report being approved by the 
Committee due to its value. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 71 
       
         
        
       
        
         
       
       
        
        
           
          
         
  
        
        
           
        
         
        
           
  
    
        
          
        
         
            
         
          
          
        
         
         
   
          
          
        
       
       
      
        
   
 
         
          
        
          
        
        
        
           
         
        
        
        
       
  
        
         
        
      
       
          
         
        
       
     
       
      
       
     
          
        
        
      
       
    
   
        
         
         
      
          
  
 
  
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Audit Committee report continued 
The Committee holds regular meetings with the 
lead audit partner of the External Auditor without 
management present to ensure that they had the 
opportunity to raise any concerns, particularly in 
relation to the Annual Report and the Solvency 
and Financial Condition Report, and to assist the 
Committee in ensuring that the External Auditor 
remains independent and objective. I held regular 
meetings with the lead audit partner throughout the 
year. The Committee approved the external audit plan 
and audit fee for the audit of the 2022 Annual Report. 
For information on the fees paid to PwC for non-audit 
services provided during the year see Note 2.3.3 on 
page 140. 
The Committee has recommended to the Board that 
PwC be re-appointed as the Group’s External Auditor 
at the 2023 AGM. The Group intends to tender the 
External Auditor appointment at least every ten years. 
More information on the role of the External Auditor 
and how PwC maintains its independence from Bupa 
is set out in Bupa’s system of governance section on 
page 65. 
Liaison with other Board Committees 
The Committee works closely with the Risk Committee 
and has held joint meetings to receive updates on the 
control environment in our businesses in Türkiye, Chile 
and Poland, and an update on the IMS programme. 
A joint meeting was also held in early 2023 to consider 
an integrated assurance report giving the opinions of 
all three lines on the Group’s control environment in 
relation to the 2022 financial year. As noted above, a 
joint meeting was held with the Board Sustainability 
Committee in late 2022 to review the Group’s draft 
2021 GHG Emissions Report and the limited external 
assurance over this report. 
In early 2023, I attended a meeting of the Remuneration 
Committee to provide a view on the quality of Bupa’s 
earnings in 2022 to aid the Remuneration Committee’s 
decision on the appropriateness of the financial 
performance data used in connection with the 
calculation of the bonuses potentially payable 
under the incentive schemes within the 
Remuneration Committee’s remit. 
Subsidiary governance 
The chairs of each of Bupa’s major insurance subsidiary 
audit committees are invited to attend a meeting of the 
Committee each year and provide a written update 
annually. The Market Unit heads of internal audit join the 
subsidiary audit committee chairs when they present to 
the Committee. This provides valuable insights to the 
Committee and to the subsidiary audit committee chairs 
on the issues that are material in each context. I also 
attend a meeting of each of the major insurance 
subsidiary audit committees each year and meet with 
the subsidiary's internal audit director. The minutes of 
the meetings of the major insurance subsidiary audit 
committees are also made available to the Committee. 
Committee effectiveness review 
Dr Tracy Long, of Boardroom Review, observed a 
meeting of the Committee in late 2022 and discussed 
the operation of the Committee in her individual 
interviews with the Committee members. The 
evaluation report indicated that the Committee was 
working well, noting in particular its good use of time 
and quality of discussions. The report has assisted in 
identifying priorities for 2023, in particular the increased 
focus on sustainability reporting and on collaboration 
with the Board Sustainability Committee. 
The 2021 internal review of the Committee’s 
effectiveness concluded that the Committee was 
operating effectively. During the year, the Committee 
reviewed progress against the recommendations 
from the 2021 review and was satisfied that they 
were being addressed. Details of the Committee’s 
interactions with the audit committees of Bupa’s major 
insurance subsidiaries, the Group’s reporting controls 
environment, and the alignment of Bupa’s assurance 
functions are provided above. 
Focus for 2023 
During 2023, the Committee will focus on preparations 
for how we address the UK Government's former BEIS 
and FRC requirements on restoring trust in audit and 
corporate governance, Bupa’s first external reporting 
under IFRS 17 and on enhancing the quality of the 
Group’s sustainability disclosures. 
Paul Evans 
Audit Committee Chair 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 72 
    
         
         
      
        
       
        
       
        
       
        
           
        
           
          
       
         
    
       
      
         
        
         
       
       
        
         
        
        
       
         
        
       
        
         
       
          
        
          
          
        
          
        
          
            
        
          
       
   
   
          
      
        
         
          
       
         
          
      
        
          
           
  
    
         
        
        
       
        
        
     
        
       
        
        
 
     
        
     
     
           
       
      
 
          
        
        
          
       
         
        
        
        
       
      
        
        
 
    
       
         
       
        
       
       
       
       
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Risk Committee report 
The Committee’s role and governance 
The principal role of the Committee is to assist 
the Board in articulating and developing its risk 
management strategy and providing oversight of 
risk across Bupa. This includes understanding current 
and future risk exposures, recommending overall risk 
appetite to the Board, reviewing the consistency of 
corporate strategy with the Company’s risk appetite, 
reviewing the RMF, considering the risk aspects of 
major transactions, and promoting a risk-aware culture 
throughout Bupa. A full description of the Committee’s 
role is set out in its Terms of Reference which are 
available here on bupa.com. A detailed description of 
the principal risks to Bupa’s business is set out in the 
Risk section on page 42, and the Group’s approach to, 
and implementation of, risk management systems and 
controls is set out in the System of governance 
section on page 63. 
The Committee members are all independent NEDs 
whose collective experience and knowledge ensures 
that the Committee can provide the Board with ongoing 
risk management oversight and advice on strategic risk 
matters. Paul Evans, Sally Clark and I bring additional 
technical experience from our extensive backgrounds in 
the accountancy, internal audit, insurance and financial 
services sectors, and Paul is also a Non-Executive 
Director on the boards of Bupa’s UK insurance business. 
Matías Rodríguez Inciarte has similar experience and is 
also a Non-Executive Director of the Group’s Spanish 
insurance business. Through Matías and Paul, the 
Committee therefore has direct insight into two of our 
key markets. Professor Melvin Samsom has an extensive 
medical background, which is especially relevant when 
considering clinical risks, while his recent experience in 
Saudi Arabia offers insight into one of Bupa’s growth 
markets. Gunjan Bhow joined the Committee during 
the year and the Committee has benefited from his 
experience in risks related to digital transformation and 
data. The Group CEO, Group CFO, CRO, CMO, CAO and 
the lead partner of the External Auditor are invited to 
attend all meetings. The CRO has unrestricted access 
to all members of the Committee and has regular 
private meetings with the Committee, in the absence 
of management, to ensure that there is an opportunity 
for the CRO to raise any concerns he may have. I am 
also a member of the Remuneration Committee and 
am therefore able to assist with ensuring that risk 
management and culture are a factor in 
remuneration decisions. 
Key activities in 2022 
Different risks pose a higher or lower threat to the 
performance and longer-term sustainability of our 
business at different times and the Committee adapts 
its focus accordingly to ensure that new and emerging 
risks are identified, that the profile of existing risks is 
monitored, and that appropriate mitigating actions are 
taken by management. The Group’s risk profile has been 
heightened in 2022 due to the impact of current global 
economic conditions, in particular: high inflation, 
workforce pressures, and the situation in Chile affecting 
the Isapre sector (as summarised on page 11). See the 
Risk section on page 42 for details of the principal risks 
to the Group. 
Risks to the 3x6 strategy 
The Committee has closely monitored the risks to the 
execution and achievement of our 3x6 strategy to 
ensure that change happens within a suitable control 
framework. Areas of focus during 2022 have included: 
▪ the risk that short-term challenges and goals reduce 
the focus on, and investment in, transformation and 
building the business of the future 
▪ the risk of not changing or not taking opportunities 
▪ potential capability gaps in certain key strategic areas 
▪ the actual and potential future impact of high 
inflation on the achievement of strategic and 
performance objectives 
▪ failing to achieve our sustainability strategy 
Certain risk elements are also driving some specific 
strategic performance challenges, most notably 
increased workforce pressures, information security, 
and regulatory or ‘stroke of pen’ risk in many of our 
major markets. Regulatory and judicial risks have 
crystallised in Chile, as discussed below. 
People risks 
People are the driving force of our business and so 
the current global challenges around skills shortages, 
wage inflation, market uncertainty and the impact of 
the rising cost of living (both generally and on mental 
health and wellbeing specifically) have heightened our 
people risks and impacted our ability to attract and 
retain employees. Bupa is committed to retaining and 
developing our people. The Committee is satisfied that 
management’s actions, such as setting new global pay 
principles, committing to providing healthcare to all 
employees globally, and recruitment and training 
initiatives (particularly in our aged care services and 
dental businesses), are mitigating these risks to an 
acceptable level. 
Chile judicial and regulatory risks 
The Committee has monitored judicial, regulatory and 
political risks relating to our Isapre businesses in Chile 
throughout the year and management's response to 
mitigate these risks. These risks increased during the 
year following the change of government in Chile, 
with further political uncertainty, and were further 
heightened following the Supreme Court ruling in 
December 2022. See page 11 for more information. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 73 
   
 
       
        
          
       
          
       
        
       
       
         
          
         
      
 
         
        
       
         
           
        
        
      
        
        
        
     
    
 
        
      
       
     
           
       
         
      
         
       
        
      
        
         
         
           
  
   
      
        
         
         
        
       
           
          
          
          
    
         
         
        
         
       
  
       
      
      
    
      
 
       
       
         
         
 
 
       
      
         
       
        
        
         
         
       
         
     
   
       
            
         
        
       
     
          
          
    
     
  
   
   
     
   
 
         
       
         
       
       
   
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Risk Committee report continued 
Information security, technology and 
privacy risks 
Information security, technology and privacy risks are 
always high on the Committee’s agenda as inadequate 
controls over these risks, or a failure of such controls, 
could significantly undermine our customers’ trust in 
us. In response to a heightened level of information 
security incidents within the healthcare sector around 
the world, management continues to take action to 
further strengthen controls in certain areas, including 
the Group’s cyber-attack response capabilities, and has 
reported to the Committee on this. The Committee has 
also discussed the risks of moving systems and data to 
cloud providers, noting that a safe migration to the 
cloud could enhance Bupa’s operational resilience. 
Clinical risk 
During 2022, the Committee has increased its focus on 
clinical risk and clinical governance and has overseen 
the strengthening of clinical governance across the 
Group. As part of this, the Clinical Governance Function 
has moved from the leadership of the CMO to the CRO. 
The Committee has considered the impact of regulatory 
changes and the challenges in the recruitment and 
retention of a high-quality clinical workforce, 
particularly in Australia, and also received updates from 
management on the progress made in evidencing the 
quality of clinical services received by the Group’s 
insurance customers from third party providers. 
Sustainability, environment and climate 
change risks 
The Committee considered the key risks and related 
mitigants associated with Bupa’s sustainability strategy. 
These include failing to achieve the sustainability 
strategy, diluting our sustainability ambitions over 
time and not keeping pace with our peers or the rising 
expectations of our key stakeholders. The Committee 
discussed the need for a high level of credibility 
underpinning the information and statements published 
on Bupa’s sustainability activities in order to avoid an 
adverse impact on Bupa’s reputation. The Committee 
has also considered the risks to achieving Bupa’s 
carbon-neutral targets arising from the current 
economic environment, which could drive up the costs 
of achieving those targets. In relation to climate change, 
the Committee reviewed an assessment of the key risks 
to the Group and the results of a further climate change 
scenario stress test. 
Recovery and Resolution Plans 
The PRA requires internationally active insurance 
groups to put in place Recovery and Resolution Plans 
at holding company level to set out potential actions 
the Company could take to maintain or recover the 
Group’s solvency in an extreme stress scenario that 
threatens the Group’s ongoing viability (Recovery Plan) 
or, if necessary, the steps that the Group could take to 
resolve itself in a crisis in an orderly fashion (Resolution 
Plan). These Plans aim to protect customers as much as 
possible in the event that the Company were to face 
an extreme stress scenario. 
The Risk Committee considered the draft Plans in detail 
ahead of recommending them to the Board for approval 
and submission to the PRA. Management held regular 
meetings with the PRA to discuss the key judgements 
involved in preparing the Plans. Throughout the 
process, the Committee: 
▪ challenged management on the feasibility of the 
recovery options presented within the suggested 
timescale 
▪ reviewed the governance process around the 
drafting of the Plans 
▪ reviewed the early warning indicators and 
recovery triggers 
▪ reviewed the governance process that would be 
followed to oversee the implementation of the Plans. 
These Plans will continue to be developed based on 
feedback from the PRA and changes to the business 
over time. 
Emerging risks 
The Committee regularly monitors emerging risks and 
specifically considered clinical emerging risk areas 
that could impact achievement of the Group’s 3x6 
strategy. These included the impact of evolving 
digital technologies, the use of artificial intelligence 
in medicine and genomics. The Committee discussed 
with management how the legal, regulatory and ethical 
issues associated with each of these risks would be 
addressed. The Committee has monitored the potential 
risks to the business from rising inflation and has 
considered the actions management are taking 
to mitigate its impact. 
Consideration of other emerging risks has focused 
on those that would be a threat to, or would indicate 
a weakness in, our business model. Emerging risks 
have been taken into account by management 
when developing the Group’s strategic objectives, 
including through identifying mitigating actions, 
and also to enable the Group to take advantage 
of the opportunities these risks may also present. 
They cover themes including: 
▪ Increasing customer, staff and societal expectations 
▪ Advances in technology 
▪ Increasing standards of regulation 
▪ Geopolitical uncertainty and deglobalisation 
▪ Rapidly advancing medical treatments and 
technologies, including personalised therapies 
▪ Climate change. 
While the emerging risks we considered apply to our 
insurance, provision and aged care businesses, they 
could manifest in a different way in each business, 
requiring a different response. The Committee will 
continue to monitor all emerging risks periodically 
throughout the year. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 74 
  
         
      
      
         
         
         
         
         
        
          
       
    
   
       
       
        
          
         
          
            
         
         
        
         
        
          
       
       
         
       
          
      
       
       
      
         
     
        
       
     
        
        
      
       
          
          
     
     
      
         
         
        
        
       
        
            
  
 
         
         
         
      
          
          
        
        
            
        
          
        
       
  
        
         
        
      
       
          
          
         
     
       
      
      
            
       
         
 
        
      
 
    
      
        
       
 
  
      
 
      
      
    
   
 
      
 
       
    
 
  
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Risk Committee report continued 
Integrated Management System 
Building on the progress made over recent years to 
strengthen Bupa’s risk management and assurance 
practices, management have initiated the Group-wide 
deployment of the IMS system, described on page 8. 
The Committee received a presentation on the IMS in 
July 2022 and is continuing to monitor its progress. 
The Audit Committee is also considering how the 
IMS operating system could be utilised in Bupa’s 
response to the UK Government's former BEIS and 
FRC reforms on restoring trust in audit and corporate 
governance, including the use of governance, risk 
and compliance systems. 
Liaison with other Committees 
The Committee works closely with the Audit 
Committee and there is considerable overlap 
between the membership of the two Committees. 
The Committees held joint meetings in 2022 to receive 
updates on the control environment in a number of 
our businesses, and an update on the IMS programme. 
A joint meeting was also held in early 2023 to consider 
an integrated assurance report giving the opinions of all 
three lines on the Group’s risk management and internal 
control environment in relation to the 2022 financial 
year. The conclusions of this assessment are set out 
in the Audit Committee report on page 67. 
In early 2023, I asked members of the Committee for 
their views on whether any Group-wide adjustments 
should be made to discretionary remuneration in 
respect of risk matters arising during 2022. I then 
attended a meeting of the Remuneration Committee 
to give the Committee’s view, to aid the Remuneration 
Committee’s decision on whether any risk-related 
adjustments should be applied to the financial 
performance data used in connection with the 
calculation of the bonuses potentially payable 
under the incentive schemes within the Remuneration 
Committee’s remit. No Group-wide adjustments 
were recommended, although I indicated that the 
Committee would be monitoring the risk environment 
in Australia closely going forward. 
Other 
In addition, the Committee has carried out other 
business as required under its Terms of Reference 
including: reviewing and recommending the Group’s 
annual Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) 
to the Board for approval, including the results of 
a worldwide stress and scenario test based on an 
inflation-driven economic scenario; reviewing the 
Group’s insurance coverage; considering risk 
assessments in contemplation of commencing business 
in new territories for the Group; and reviewing the 
modelling of economic capital as part of the Group’s 
annual ORSA process. A number of risk appetite 
statements have been reviewed to ensure that they 
remain appropriate in the current environment and 
the Group-wide Enterprise Risk Policies are reviewed 
on a cyclical basis at least every two years by the 
appropriate Board committee. 
Subsidiary governance 
The chairs of each of Bupa’s major insurance subsidiary 
board risk committees are invited to attend a meeting 
of the Committee each year and to provide written 
updates periodically. This provides valuable insights 
both to the Committee and to the subsidiary board risk 
committee chairs on the issues that are material in each 
context and facilitates Group oversight of local risks 
and appropriate escalation of risks to the Committee. 
I also attend a meeting of each of the major insurance 
subsidiary board risk committees each year and meet 
with the relevant chief risk officer. The minutes of the 
meetings of the major insurance subsidiary board risk 
committees are also made available to the Committee. 
Committee effectiveness review 
Dr Tracy Long, of Boardroom Review, observed a 
meeting of the Committee in late 2022 and discussed 
the operation of the Committee in her individual 
interviews with the Committee members. The 
evaluation report indicated that the Committee was 
working well, in particular due to its clarity of role 
and attention to the priorities. The report has assisted 
in identifying priorities for 2023, in particular the 
intended focus on information security risks. 
The 2021 internal review of the Committee’s 
effectiveness concluded that the Committee was 
operating effectively. The Committee identified a 
number of areas to focus on in 2022 as a result of 
discussion of the 2021 internal review as follows: 
▪ The impact of the 3x6 strategy on the Group’s 
risk profile 
▪ Climate change risks to our health insurance and 
provision businesses and how management are 
addressing these 
▪ Further strengthening clinical risk management 
▪ Continuing our work on risk management maturity. 
The Committee is satisfied that these areas have 
received sufficient oversight during the year as 
disclosed above. 
Focus for 2023 
In 2023, the Committee will focus on: 
▪ People risks 
▪ Information security, IT and operational resilience 
risks, including the potential crossover with 
reputational risk and contagion risk 
▪ Clinical governance and reporting 
▪ Third-party risks 
▪ Further refining the Group’s Recovery and 
Resolution Plans 
▪ Maintaining oversight of the implementation of the 
IMS project across the Group. 
Caroline Silver 
Risk Committee Chair 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 75 
    
        
        
         
     
         
        
           
          
        
       
       
           
   
       
       
      
        
         
      
       
       
           
       
       
        
       
      
         
    
   
  
         
         
         
        
      
       
        
     
        
       
        
         
          
       
        
         
        
            
       
         
         
        
       
        
       
         
     
         
        
           
         
        
        
        
    
           
          
         
        
         
          
          
           
         
        
        
          
          
        
         
       
 
         
        
        
       
       
       
  
  
         
         
        
          
          
     
           
         
         
         
 
          
    
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Nomination & Governance Committee report 
The Committee’s role and governance 
The Committee is responsible for reviewing the size, 
structure and composition of the Board and ensuring 
an orderly succession process for Directors. It also 
keeps Bupa’s corporate governance arrangements 
under review. It leads the process for appointments to 
the Board and considers succession planning to ensure 
that the Board has the skills and expertise it needs to 
lead and manage the Company in the future. The Board 
Diversity Policy, available here on bupa.com, is taken 
into account when considering Board succession plans 
and recruiting for new Directors. Succession planning 
for the senior management team is done by the Board 
as a whole. 
The Committee makes recommendations to the Board 
to ensure that, where appropriate, Bupa’s corporate 
governance arrangements are consistent with best 
practice. The Committee also leads the process for 
the selection and appointment of AMs, approves the 
appointment of non-executive directors to subsidiary 
boards and approves the appointment of independent 
members of Market Unit advisory oversight committees. 
A full description of the Committee’s role is set out in 
its Terms of Reference here on bupa.com. 
The Committee currently comprises the Chairman and 
three independent NEDs, including the SID. The Group 
CEO and Chief Sustainability and People Officer 
regularly attend Committee meetings. The Committee 
met five times during the year and agreed other 
matters by written resolution. 
Key activities in 2022 
Non-Executive Director recruitment 
As disclosed in the Committee’s report last year, Korn 
Ferry was engaged in September 2021 to assist the 
Board in the recruitment of three NEDs to replace 
those who were retiring from the Board. 
The Committee was seeking candidates with 
expertise in technology and digital transformation, 
and sustainability, with a preference for female 
and ethnically diverse candidates. 
Six candidates were shortlisted for each of the 
technology and sustainability roles and the Chief 
Sustainability and People Officer and I interviewed each 
candidate in late 2021. The two preferred candidates for 
each role were then interviewed by the Group CEO and 
members of the Committee and the technology 
candidates were also interviewed by Cath Keers. As 
noted in the Committee’s report in the 2021 Annual 
Report, Pia Heidenmark Cook was appointed as a 
NED from 1 April 2022, bringing a strong skill set in 
sustainability matters to the Board. The Committee 
held an additional meeting to discuss the technology 
candidates who were considered to be of high calibre. 
The Committee felt that Gunjan Bhow’s broad skill 
set and experience in customer-facing digital 
transformation would enable him to make a strong 
contribution to the Board and recommended his 
appointment to the Board. He was appointed as a 
NED from 1 April 2022. 
A third NED with a financial services background was 
sought to replace Clare Thompson, who retired from 
the Board on 30 April 2022. Korn Ferry drew up an all-
female long list of candidates of which four candidates 
were interviewed by the Chairman and the Chief 
Sustainability and People Officer. Two of the candidates 
were then interviewed by the Group CEO and 
Committee members. The Committee recommended 
to the Board that Sally Clark be appointed as a NED 
due to her strong background in internal audit in 
financial services companies, as well as her interest and 
experience in developing talent, and in diversity, culture 
and wellbeing. She joined the Board on 1 July 2022. 
Caroline Silver will have served on the Board for six 
years by 31 October 2023. Our current practice is to 
not renew NEDs for a third term unless there are 
exceptional circumstances or there has been a delay in 
the recruitment process for a successor. Therefore, in 
late 2022, the Committee discussed the potential skills 
they would seek in a successor for Caroline on the 
Board and as Chair of the Risk Committee and reviewed 
a refreshed Board skills matrix. The Committee agreed 
to appoint Russell Reynolds to conduct a search and 
agreed an outline candidate specification. This process 
is ongoing. 
Both Korn Ferry and Russell Reynolds are signatories to 
the Enhanced Voluntary Code of Conduct for Executive 
Search Firms. Both firms have provided other services 
to Bupa, including executive and non-executive search 
and benchmarking of roles and remuneration. Russell 
Reynolds has an employee health insurance scheme 
provided by Bupa. 
Other NED changes 
Cath Keers’ first three-year term as an NED concluded 
on 31 October 2022. On the recommendation of the 
Committee, the Board appointed Cath for a second 
three-year term as they had assessed that she had been 
an effective member of the Board and Chair of the 
Remuneration Committee. Consideration was given 
to her capacity to devote sufficient time to her Bupa 
role given her executive role with Sage Group plc 
and the good engagement she had with Bupa’s 
Reward team outside of the meetings of the 
Remuneration Committee. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 76 
      
          
      
          
         
          
         
         
    
    
    
       
         
       
       
      
     
        
         
          
         
       
          
       
 
        
     
      
          
         
         
 
       
        
         
         
           
           
          
        
           
        
         
         
       
  
  
      
         
        
         
         
  
 
       
      
        
         
      
           
        
       
        
        
        
         
       
       
        
           
       
          
         
        
        
         
         
        
        
         
        
      
        
   
       
     
      
      
        
        
        
        
         
         
         
       
       
        
     
         
          
     
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Nomination & Governance Committee report continued 
The Committee reviewed the composition of 
each Committee of the Board during the year and 
recommended changes to the committee composition, 
which came into effect in June 2022. This was done 
partly in order to appoint the recently recruited NEDs 
to the Committees that would best utilise their skill sets 
and also to provide greater flexibility by increasing the 
number of members of some of the Committees. The 
Board approved the proposed changes. 
Board independence, development and 
skills, knowledge and experience 
The Committee regularly reviews the composition of 
the Board to ensure that there remains an appropriate 
combination of skills, experience and knowledge and 
sufficient diversity (including gender, social and ethnic 
backgrounds), cognitive and personal strengths, and 
Board succession planning encompasses these factors. 
As mentioned above, the Board skills matrix was 
refreshed during the year to update the assessment for 
the existing Directors and include the skills of the new 
NEDs. This helped inform the role specification for the 
ongoing recruitment of Caroline Silver’s successor. The 
skills matrix also informs the plan for Board training and 
development sessions which is regularly considered by 
the Committee. 
In February each year the Committee reviews the 
Directors’ other commitments (including external 
appointments) for potential conflicts of interest, 
impacts on their capacity to perform their role for Bupa 
and for threats to their independence as Bupa NEDs. 
Each of the NEDs are considered to be independent. 
Association Members 
The Committee received several updates and provided 
guidance on engagement with and recruitment of AMs 
during the year and a schedule of planned engagement 
activities is agreed by the Committee each year. Details 
of how we have engaged with AMs during the year are 
set out in the Section 172 statement on page 36. From 
2023, quarterly updates will be provided to AMs on the 
progress of Bupa’s performance against a number of 
KPIs related to pillars of the 3x6 strategy. A series of 
one-to-one or small group informal meetings is also 
planned for AMs with the Chairman, Group CEO and 
others throughout the year in addition to the regular 
results calls, AGM and autumn briefing sessions. 
Corporate governance oversight 
Code compliance oversight 
The Committee has reviewed the Company’s 
compliance with the Code during 2022 and found that 
the Company has complied with the principles and 
provisions of the Code throughout the year, to the 
extent that these are applicable to a company without 
shares or shareholders. 
Subsidiary governance 
During the year, the Committee reviewed progress 
against the recommendations from the Provision 
Subsidiary Governance Review carried out in 2020. In 
late 2021, the Board approved a proposal to establish 
Market Unit Advisory Oversight Committees (AOCs) 
to the CEOs of ELA and BGUK to provide advice 
and enhance oversight across those Market Units, 
particularly in relation to provision businesses where 
there are no non-executive directors serving on the 
boards of those subsidiaries, and given that the 
corporate structure of both Market Units means that 
there is no single holding company board that could 
provide non-executive director oversight. In early 2022, 
the Committee considered and approved proposals for 
the non-executive membership of the ELA and BGUK 
AOCs. The remit of the AOCs will be refined over time 
and their effectiveness monitored by the Committee. 
As Paul Evans and Matías Rodríguez Inciarte are a non-
executive member and chair of the BGUK and ELA 
AOCs respectively, there is an open channel of 
communication between the AOCs and the Board. The 
Committee determined that an AOC is not required for 
the APAC Market Unit as its corporate structure gives 
the boards of its holding companies good oversight 
of the majority of the Market Unit. 
The results of the annual evaluations of the boards 
of our main regulated insurance subsidiaries are 
considered by the Committee. These evaluations 
have reported that each subsidiary board continued 
to operate effectively. 
The Committee also approved a number of 
appointments and re-appointments of non-executive 
directors to subsidiary boards during the year. 
Restoring trust in audit and corporate governance 
The Committee received an update on the proposals 
from the UK Government and the FRC on restoring 
trust in audit and corporate governance and Bupa’s 
proposed approach to the requirements. It was noted 
that some of the proposals would be mandatory and 
others could be adopted on a voluntary basis in view 
of Bupa’s corporate status. Given the nature of the 
proposals, the Audit Committee is leading on 
considering the proposals. Bupa will finalise its 
approach as more detail and certainty around the 
requirements emerges. See the Audit Committee 
report on page 67 for details of progress to date. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 77 
   
        
         
        
       
       
           
      
          
          
       
     
        
       
         
       
       
         
       
          
        
       
        
   
        
  
      
       
   
  
       
         
        
        
       
        
        
         
   
          
          
         
          
          
       
        
         
       
         
            
          
         
        
      
       
        
        
         
       
       
       
          
       
       
        
        
          
     
    
  
     
        
 
         
       
     
 
       
          
      
       
 
 
  
 
          
     
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Nomination & Governance Committee report continued 
Board and Committee effectiveness 
The last externally facilitated evaluation of the Board 
and Committees was conducted in 2019 so an externally 
facilitated evaluation was undertaken in 2022. In early 
2022, the Committee considered whether to appoint 
Boardroom Review, who conducted the previous review 
in 2019, or to undertake a formal process to identify an 
alternative provider. The Committee considered that 
there was value to be gained from using the same 
provider due to its prior knowledge of Bupa and ability 
to assess progress on the recommendations made 
previously. Therefore, the Committee appointed 
Boardroom Review to facilitate the 2022 Board and 
Committee evaluation process. In line with emerging 
best practice in the field of board evaluation, the 
Committee would not consider Boardroom Review for 
the next externally facilitated evaluation of the Board. 
The Committee delegated approval of the scope of the 
review to a sub-committee comprising the Chairman, 
Group CEO, Paul Evans (as SID-elect at that point) and 
the Group Company Secretary. The agreed themes for 
the review of the Board and Committees included: 
▪ Their engagement with and oversight of the new 
strategy, purpose and performance 
▪ How well future risks and opportunities to the 
business are assessed 
▪ Oversight of finance, audit, risk management, 
controls and operational resilience and effectiveness 
of the three lines 
▪ Engagement with stakeholders. 
In relation to the Directors, Boardroom Review 
was asked to consider the roles, relationships and 
contributions of the Directors and the blend of 
dynamics, diversity of perspective and quality of debate 
and decision-making. Dr Tracy Long of Boardroom 
Review observed meetings of the Board and each 
Committee in late 2022 and interviewed each Director, 
the Group Company Secretary, the CRO and the Chief 
Sustainability and People Officer. 
An initial meeting to discuss the findings was held with 
Roger Davis prior to the report being shared with the 
full Board for discussion in February 2023. The agreed 
outcomes for the Board are set out in the Leadership 
section on page 56. The report indicated that all the 
Board’s standing committees were operating well, and 
the Committee separately considered the parts of the 
report relevant to the Committee and its remit. The 
recruitment, on-boarding and induction of the three 
new NEDs in 2022 had gone well. Succession planning 
was identified as a key focus for the Board as a whole, 
with the retirement of Caroline Silver later in 2023 and 
the retirement of Roger Davis also on the horizon. 
The Committee is also responsible for Board-level 
oversight of and engagement with Association 
Members, enhancement of which will be taken 
forward as an action from the evaluation. 
The Committee is satisfied with the actions taken 
to address the themes arising from the Committee’s 
effectiveness review in 2021. The Committee’s actions 
on Board and Committee succession and further 
improving governance oversight of subsidiaries are set 
out above. The Board as a whole has received regular 
reports from the three designated Directors for 
engagement with Bupa’s workforce, and details are 
disclosed in the Leadership section on page 51 
where details of the Board’s training programme 
are also set out. The Committee will review the 
effectiveness of the enhanced workforce 
engagement approach during 2023. 
Focus for 2023 
In 2023, the Committee plans to: 
▪ Complete its work to recruit a new Risk 
Committee Chair 
▪ Follow up on the agreed actions from the 2022 
review of the externally facilitated Board and 
Committee evaluation, including further enhancing 
AM engagement 
▪ Commence the succession planning for the Chairman, 
who is due to complete nine years’ service on the 
Board in the second half of 2024 
▪ Assess the effectiveness of the enhanced workforce 
engagement approach. 
Roger Davis 
Nomination & Governance 
Committee Chair 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 78 
    
         
        
      
     
          
        
        
       
         
  
      
         
       
      
            
     
        
        
        
          
  
      
           
      
       
        
   
   
       
          
        
          
          
       
       
     
 
         
          
        
          
      
         
       
       
            
        
        
       
         
        
      
       
        
        
         
          
         
        
       
  
        
 
 
    
   
   
        
      
         
         
         
      
       
        
         
     
          
        
       
         
 
          
          
       
          
        
         
         
         
        
          
          
         
        
         
          
  
           
         
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Board Sustainability Committee report 
The Committee’s role and governance 
2022 was the first full year of the Committee’s 
operation. It was established in mid-2021 to ensure 
sufficient non-executive oversight and challenge to 
management over Bupa’s sustainability activities. 
The Committee’s principal role is to assist the Board 
in considering and approving its sustainability strategy 
and providing oversight of the implementation of that 
strategy and of sustainability initiatives across Bupa, 
in line with Bupa’s purpose, ambition, values and 
corporate strategy. 
The Committee’s remit includes overseeing Bupa’s 
plans on environment and climate action, including the 
setting of, and monitoring performance against, targets; 
overseeing and assessing Bupa’s overall contribution 
to, and impact on, society in the countries in which it 
operates; reviewing and recommending external 
disclosures on sustainability and other ESG matters to 
the Board; and considering Bupa’s position on relevant 
emerging sustainability issues. A full description of the 
Committee’s role is set out in its Terms of Reference 
here on bupa.com. 
The Committee currently comprises four NEDs 
and the Group CEO. The Group CFO and Chief 
Sustainability and People Officer regularly attend 
Committee meetings. The Committee met four times 
during the year, including one joint meeting with 
the Audit Committee. 
Key activities in 2022 
Following the Board’s decision to include sustainability 
as a strategic pillar of Bupa’s 3x6 strategy in 2021, 
work was undertaken to develop a sustainability 
strategy. Our key focus in 2022 was then to continue 
to refine this strategy and oversee its launch and 
implementation. The Committee has also focused on 
strengthening our assurance over our GHG emissions 
data, working with the Audit Committee. 
Sustainability strategy 
Our sustainability strategy sets out how we plan to 
achieve the ‘making a better world’ part of our purpose. 
The Committee agreed that sustainability needs to be 
placed at the core of Bupa’s business and aimed to 
define our sustainability ambitions. The sustainability 
strategy aims to deliver health benefits for people and 
planet and provide innovative solutions to the 
sustainability challenges we face, recognising that if 
our planet is not healthy, our own health will suffer too. 
The Committee further agreed that the strategy must 
be measurable against appropriate KPIs. In 2021, we 
completed a materiality assessment to ensure that 
our sustainability strategy focuses on the right areas, 
reflecting changes to the business and the external 
environment. In collaboration with an independent 
consultancy, and through consultation with a range 
of internal and external stakeholders, the assessment 
identified 19 material issues across ESG topics that 
have the greatest potential to impact the business, 
either as a risk or opportunity, and matter most to 
our stakeholders. This provided five topics of highest 
strategic importance to lay the foundations of our 
sustainability strategy, mapped to the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals: 
▪ One health (or the intersection of people and 
planet health) 
▪ Climate change 
▪ Workplace physical and mental wellbeing 
▪ Healthy and sustainable lifestyles 
▪ ESG governance and transparency. 
The Committee agreed that the results of the 
materiality assessment highlighted the need to 
look after people's health by addressing the health 
of our planet – supporting Bupa's expanded purpose. 
This approach led to the three pillars of the 
sustainability strategy: Mission Zero, Mission Accelerate 
and Mission Regenerate. Further details of the 
sustainability strategy can be found in the Sustainability 
and ESG section on page 22 and here on bupa.com. 
The Committee recommended the sustainability 
strategy to the Board, which approved it in early 2022, 
and information on how stakeholder views were taken 
into account in determining the sustainability strategy 
are detailed in the Section 172 statement on page 36. 
Mission Zero 
As disclosed in the 2021 Annual Report, Bupa has set 
a 2040 net zero ambition for our global healthcare 
operations and value chain, including our investment 
portfolio. As a first step to achieving net zero emissions 
by 2040, we set 1.5°C aligned science-based targets. 
These targets were validated by the SBTi in January 
2022. During the year, development of a global Scope 
1 and 2 decarbonisation roadmap began and the 
Committee has received regular updates on the Group’s 
progress to reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions during 
the year. The Committee was pleased to see that 84% 
of the electricity we use across our operations globally 
is now from renewable1 sources. More information on 
how we have reduced GHG emissions during the year 
can be found in the Sustainability and ESG section on 
page 22. 
1. Where actual data is not available, 2022 renewable electricity data is 
estimated based on, but not limited to, previous consumption trends. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 79 
      
     
      
       
      
          
       
          
       
          
   
        
        
        
        
       
        
         
       
        
         
          
          
          
        
        
         
        
        
         
        
         
 
 
       
       
      
         
        
        
         
       
        
       
         
          
       
       
  
 
       
        
      
       
        
      
         
          
          
       
      
         
        
          
           
       
        
         
       
        
     
   
       
         
       
         
      
        
        
       
      
       
      
         
     
        
         
         
          
     
          
    
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Board Sustainability Committee report continued 
The Committee is satisfied that management take 
into account sustainability considerations, including 
performance against Bupa’s public commitments, in 
investment decisions to grow Bupa’s operations. The 
Committee recognises that core management initiatives 
such as Bupa’s digital transformation are a key part of 
reducing the Company’s environmental impact, but also 
recognises the need to support others to do the same. 
The Committee will continue to monitor management’s 
actions to ensure that Bupa remains on course to meet 
its net zero targets. 
The SBTi requires us to disclose our year-on-year 
performance against our chosen targets. It is important 
that we produce good quality data to accurately 
measure our GHG emissions and progress against these 
targets. The Committee felt that external assurance 
over our GHG emissions baseline and progress would 
provide comfort to both the Committee and the Board, 
and our key stakeholders. The Committee therefore 
asked the Audit Committee to oversee the engagement 
of, and output from, an external provider and PwC 
were appointed to carry out limited assurance over the 
Group’s Scope 1, 2 and selected Scope 3 GHG emissions 
for 2021. The Committee held a meeting jointly with the 
Audit Committee in November 2022 to assess progress 
of the Group’s 2021 GHG emissions disclosure and 
assurance from the second line of defence and PwC. 
The final disclosure report and PwC’s limited assurance 
report were reviewed by the Audit Committee in 
December 2022 and approved by the Board. For more 
information, see the Audit Committee’s report on page 
67. Bupa’s 2021 GHG Emissions Report is available here 
on bupa.com. 
Mission Accelerate 
Through the Mission Accelerate pillar, Bupa aims to 
use research, collaboration and innovation to accelerate 
sustainable healthcare solutions and advocate for 
change. eco-Disruptive is a key initiative within this, and 
the Committee received updates on the second annual 
programme, which had a greater clinical emphasis than 
the first year’s, informed by the Group’s strategy. The 
Committee also received updates on the progress of 
a trial deployment of sustainable scrubs and medical 
uniforms made by the 2021 eco-Disruptive winner 
Circoolar, in parts of Bupa’s Spanish business. This is 
part of a commitment to deliver at least one scalable 
sustainable healthcare solution each year. The 2022 
edition of eco-Disruptive saw Cassava Bags Australia 
announced as winners. 
Mission Regenerate 
Mission Regenerate is focused on improving people’s 
and our planet’s health through the restoration and 
regeneration of nature. The Committee received 
updates on the implementation and planned expansion 
of the Healthy Cities programme which links wellbeing 
challenges to investment in urban regeneration 
projects. The programme ran in parts of Bupa’s ELA 
Market Unit last year and is now being extended in 
2023 to cover all of Bupa’s Market Units during 2023. 
Governance 
To support the implementation of the sustainability 
strategy a revised Enterprise Sustainability Policy 
was reviewed by the Committee during the year 
and recommended for approval to the Board, 
which approved it in late 2022. The Policy focuses 
on mitigating the risks to the core focus of the 
sustainability strategy, with wider ESG topics having 
been integrated into other Enterprise Risk Policies, such 
as People, Suppliers and Brand & Reputation. The Policy 
requires Bupa’s Market Units to build sustainability 
plans into their business plans and ensures consistent 
monitoring of performance against targets. 
Liaison with other Committees 
The Committee liaises with other Committees of 
the Board as necessary, including with: the Audit 
Committee, to review sustainability and ESG disclosures 
in the Annual Report and Accounts each year; the 
Remuneration Committee, to ensure that sustainability 
and ESG matters are appropriately considered in setting 
Bupa’s remuneration policy; and the Risk Committee on 
relevant risks such as climate change-related financial 
risks. There is cross-membership between the 
Committee and the Risk, Audit and Remuneration 
Committees to ensure that sufficient consideration 
is given to sustainability and ESG matters across 
all aspects of the business. 
The Committee has reviewed the Sustainability and ESG 
section within the Strategic Report and met jointly with 
the Audit Committee to review the Group’s draft 2021 
Scope 1, 2 and selected Scope 3 GHG Emissions Report 
as described in Mission Zero above. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 80 
 
        
         
        
       
        
        
       
        
         
          
        
        
          
        
       
         
       
   
          
           
        
      
  
           
       
      
       
        
    
       
      
    
        
   
       
      
  
 
          
    
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Board Sustainability Committee report continued 
Committee effectiveness 
Dr Tracy Long of Boardroom Review observed a 
meeting of the Committee in late 2022 and discussed 
the operation of the Committee in individual interviews 
with Committee members and the Group Chief 
Sustainability and People Officer, as part of her 
evaluation of the Board and its standing committees. 
The evaluation report indicated that the Committee 
was working well, reflecting the importance attached 
to sustainability matters by the Board generally, and 
had a good level of engagement and impact. The report 
has assisted in identifying priorities for 2023, including 
ensuring increased visibility of the availability and use 
of budgets for sustainability initiatives (as well as other 
new initiatives related to the Group’s strategy) and, 
following the adoption of the sustainability strategy 
in 2022, monitoring of the Group’s compliance with 
its external commitments on sustainability and 
ESG matters. 
This was the first time the Committee has been subject 
to an evaluation. As noted in the 2021 Annual Report, no 
evaluation was undertaken last year as the Committee 
was only first established during that year. 
Focus for 2023 
The key areas of focus of the Committee in 2023 are to: 
▪ Oversee the embedding and implementation of the 
sustainability strategy, including the allocation of 
budgets (in particular under the Group Investment 
Fund, discussed on page 25) and monitoring the 
achievement of commitments and targets 
▪ Enhance the liaison with subsidiary boards and/or 
other internal governance oversight bodies working 
on sustainability matters, where beneficial 
▪ Oversee the development of Bupa’s Scope 3 GHG 
emissions data and reporting 
▪ Continue to monitor Bupa’s progress in reducing 
GHG emissions in all three scopes 
Professor Melvin Samsom 
Committee Chair 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 81 
 
     
  
   
       
  
 
      
   
 
       
     
    
 
      
      
       
     
     
  
 
     
  
 
      
      
       
       
         
     
      
   
  
        
       
       
     
   
       
         
       
       
        
         
         
          
        
          
 
       
      
         
        
        
       
        
         
         
       
         
        
      
    
      
       
     
         
       
        
        
       
       
          
        
       
     
       
       
       
        
         
  
          
  
    
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Directors’ remuneration report 
Part 1: Committee Chair’s letter 
Key items covered at scheduled 
meetings in 2022 
19 January (additional meeting) 
Forecast payouts for 2021 MBS and 2021-24 
GPP, SPP design 
31 January 
2021 MBS outcome, 2021-24 GPP outcomes, 
CEC annual reward review 
16 February 
Approve final SPP scheme and plan rules, 
Annual reward review for Designated 
Individuals, 2022 MBS non-financial targets 
20 July 
2022-24 SPP M&A treatment, 2023 Customer 
MBS measures, Overview of general workforce, 
Subsidiary Chair & NED fee review, Board 
Chairman fee review, Remuneration Policy 
Statement and corporate governance and 
Solvency II review 
28 September 
Approve global reward standard, Approve 
2023 MBS design 
7 December 
Forecast payouts for 2022, 2023 MBS 
profit measure, proposed 2023 Customer 
MBS target framework, 2023-25 SPP measures, 
update on SPP 40% KPI measure, Gender 
Pay Gap report, workforce and cost of living, 
Directors’ remuneration policy and report 
update, 2023 incentive scheme rules, Terms 
of Reference review 
Dear Association Members 
On behalf of the Board and the Remuneration 
Committee (the Committee), I am pleased to 
present the Directors’ remuneration report for 
the 2022 financial year. 
Role of the Committee 
The Committee is responsible for ensuring that 
Bupa adheres to the highest standards of governance 
and best practice in remuneration matters. The 
remuneration policy is structured to promote strong 
and sustainable performance of the Company and link 
reward to the delivery of Bupa’s strategic goals and 
purpose. A full description of the Committee’s role is 
set out in its Terms of Reference here on bupa.com. 
In February 2022 Mike Hawker joined the Committee 
and in July 2022 Sally Clark also joined the Committee. 
2022 activities 
The Committee has been actively engaged with 
management throughout 2022 as the organisation 
embedded its new strategy, as well as ensuring that 
our remuneration approach fully supported our strategy 
into 2023. A number of activities are highlighted below: 
▪ In 2022 the Committee further considered the 
definition of Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) as 
a measure for the new Strategic Performance Plan 
(SPP) and also agreed a proposed approach for the 
treatment of any future Merger and Acquisition 
(M&A) activity in relation to the impact of assessing 
the SPP. Up-front agreement of the M&A framework 
provides more real-time clarity on management’s 
performance and decision-making, incentivises 
management to take appropriate long-term decisions; 
and ensures that management’s performance is fairly 
reflected in the final SPP reward. 
▪ To better understand the shape of the workforce and 
recruitment challenges in more detail, the Committee 
received, in addition to workforce metrics, input from 
the Market Unit People Directors to supplement the 
data and to provide additional context where 
appropriate. This includes Bupa's response to the 
cost of living crisis and the impact on our workforce. 
▪ From 2023, the Committee agreed to change the 
Management Bonus Scheme (MBS) to align the 
maximum Business Performance Multiplier (BPM) 
and Individual Performance Multiplier (IPM), allowing 
for greater overall weighting on objective business 
performance, while providing us with an opportunity 
to differentiate and reward high performers at all 
levels. There is no change to the remuneration policy, 
including award levels. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 82 
 
         
       
       
         
        
   
    
 
       
       
 
      
        
        
       
       
       
        
        
      
       
      
          
           
         
          
          
          
  
    
        
          
  
        
        
         
   
         
         
        
       
         
        
        
        
       
    
          
       
          
          
        
      
    
       
      
    
        
         
       
      
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
 
         
       
        
       
   
        
         
      
      
        
       
           
         
       
        
       
 
        
       
           
       
  
         
      
       
        
  
        
        
          
        
       
 
 
          
  
     
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Directors’ remuneration report 
Part 1: Committee Chair’s letter continued 
Executive appointments 
Zoe Vafadari was appointed to Bupa’s CEC in February 
2022 as Chief Brand and Corporate Affairs Officer. 
The Committee carefully considered the terms for 
the new appointment and were informed by external 
benchmarking and market practice to set the levels 
of remuneration. 
Wider employee context and 
workforce engagement 
Bupa is committed to ensuring that remuneration 
across the organisation is appropriate and fair for 
all employees. 
When setting the Executive Director remuneration 
policy, we also assessed general workforce metrics and 
factored in the remuneration of the broader employee 
population, related policies, and the alignment of 
incentives and rewards with culture. While the 
Committee retain oversight reward is managed locally, 
with benchmarking conducted on a regular basis to 
ensure that our overall reward package remains in 
line with relevant local market practice. 
The Committee regularly and carefully considers wider 
employee pay and broader remuneration initiatives, 
as context for the decisions it makes. We know this 
is a challenging time for our employees due to rising 
inflation and the increased cost of living. Bupa has 
three NEDs who act as the designated NED for 
different areas of the business and details on the 
activities undertaken in the year are set out in the 
Corporate Governance Report. 
Performance and pay in 2022 
Salary 
In 2022, the Committee approved increases of 1.9% 
for the Group CEO and 2.0% for the Group CFO. 
Management Bonus Scheme 
The Management Bonus Scheme is the Group’s annual 
bonus plan applying to leaders and managers across 
Bupa. 50% of the payout for Executive Directors is 
deferred for three years. 
Performance of Group profit was favourable to plan due 
to higher profits across the Market Units, with volume 
growth across the insurance portfolio in Australia and 
Sanitas, good turnaround performance in Bupa Global, 
and volume growth and lower claims in UK Insurance, 
partly offset by challenges in aged care and 
provisioning in UK, and lower volumes in Hong Kong. 
Revenue and cost efficiency were both above target. 
The Committee applied the following adjustments in 
determining the annual MBS outcomes: 
▪ As a result of our commitment to not benefit from 
COVID-19 in our Australian health insurance business, 
it was agreed that any returns to customers should be 
adjusted for. These returns, which take the form of a 
cash rebate, deferred premium rises or other similar 
approaches, totalled £166.97m and were removed 
from the revenue target. 
▪ Related to this commitment, £66m of undistributed 
Australian health insurance claims savings related 
to COVID-19 were removed. 
▪ The other area which the Committee considered this 
year was the impact on statutory profit of the 
impairment of intangible assets and goodwill arising 
on business combinations. The Committee carefully 
reviewed the factors leading to this impairment and 
the extent to which this should impact incentive 
payments for past and current executives. The view 
of the Committee was that the current executive 
team were not responsible for the material factors 
leading to the impairment and should therefore not 
be penalised for the statutory loss; no additional 
adjustment would be applied to any former executive 
team member. 
All Market Units continued to make good progress on 
customer performance metrics, an outcome of Bupa’s 
customer-centric strategy resulting in a high level of 
operational and transformative focus on delivery for 
customers across the Group. 
Alongside the measures that make up the MBS 
scorecard, the MBS outcome is subject to an overall 
adjustment relating to risk management behaviours. 
Assisted by contributions from the Risk Committee 
and the Risk Review Panel, the Committee determined 
that no business-wide risk adjustments would apply. 
The IPMs for the Group CEO and Group CFO, based on 
their performance during the year, were 150% and 130% 
respectively. As a result, the Committee approved 
bonuses of 89.2% and 77.4% of maximum opportunity 
for the Group CEO and Group CFO respectively. 
Committee evaluation 
During the year, an external evaluation of the 
effectiveness of the Committee was conducted as 
part of the wider review of the Board and Board 
Committees. The review found that the Committee 
functioned effectively. 
In 2023 the Committee will continue to focus on 
monitoring wider employee pay and considerations 
from broader Board discussions on inclusion and 
diversity and pay differences (e.g. gender pay gap). 
Voting on remuneration 
Our Remuneration Policy was approved at the 2022 
AGM and remains unchanged. We are committed to 
being open and transparent with our AMs and, as usual, 
our Directors’ remuneration report will also be tabled 
for an advisory vote at the 2023 AGM. 
Cath Keers 
Committee Chair 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 83 
        
                
               
            
                 
               
          
            
             
                
 
            
            
            
            
      
             
             
   
            
             
             
            
            
              
       
                  
            
 
          
                
             
     
                
                    
                   
                   
                 
                
  
 
     
          
         
          
          
          
                      
          
  
     
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Directors’ remuneration report 
Part 1: Committee Chair’s letter continued 
Alignment with Provision 40 of the Corporate Governance Code 
The Committee is mindful of the UK Corporate Governance Code’s six principles when it determines remuneration 
policy. The Committee’s view is that the Remuneration Framework at Bupa is well-aligned with these areas. 
▪ We are committed to transparent communication with all our stakeholders. The remuneration 
arrangements for the Executive Directors are set out in a clear and simple way in the Directors’ 
Remuneration Policy (the Policy) and in the plan rules for each incentive plan. Guides are 
accessible explaining how each incentive plan operates to ensure full understanding. 
Clarity 
▪ There is clear alignment between the performance of the Company and the rewards. Proportionality 
▪ Incentive elements are closely aligned with our strategic goals, transparent and robustly assessed, 
with the Committee having full discretion to adjust outcomes to ensure that they align with overall 
Bupa performance. 
▪ The Group’s remuneration arrangements are intentionally simple in nature and well understood. 
Executive Directors (and senior leadership) receive fixed pay (salary, benefits, pension), and 
participate in a short-term incentive (the MBS) and a long-term incentive (the SPP). 
Simplicity 
▪ The Committee reviews the appropriateness of targets annually, being mindful of alignment 
with strategy and keeping them simple. 
▪ This structure provides clear line of sight for both executives and is well understood. 
▪ MBS and SPP are focused on rewarding performance against key measures of success 
for the business. 
▪ Our reward structure ensures that risk events are reflected in remuneration outcomes. 
Opinion from Risk on events and behaviours are considered before awards are made. 
Risk 
▪ The Committee also considers that the Policy provides wide-ranging flexibility to adjust payments 
where outcomes are not considered to reflect underlying business performance and individual 
contributions, or where behaviours are inconsistent with the risk appetite of the Group. 
▪ Deferral of MBS (over three years) and SPP (three-year performance period), subject to malus 
and clawback provisions mitigates against future risk. 
Predictability ▪ At the time of approving the Policy full information on the potential values of the MBS and SPP 
is provided, with strict maximum opportunities alongside minimum, on-target and maximum 
performance scenarios. 
Alignment with 
culture 
▪ 
▪ 
We are committed to effective stakeholder and colleague engagement. 
As part of this, the Committee regularly reviews data and insights relating to pay and broader 
employment conditions in the workforce and takes these into account when considering executive 
remuneration. 
Our executive remuneration at a glance 
The chart above is representative of the implementation of the Directors’ Remuneration Policy and represents the 
total received in the year by each Executive. The chart shows salary, pension and benefits paid in 2022, and the 
total payout of the 2022 MBS, 50% of which is deferred until March 2025. No long-term incentive scheme vested 
in 2022 due to changes in the structure of Bupa’s long-term incentive from a one-year performance period with 
a three-year deferral to the new structure, introduced in 2022, which covers a three-year performance period. 
The next scheme to vest will be the 2022-24 Strategic Performance Plan (SPP) year ending 2024. 
2022 MBS outcome 
Measure Performance of measure against target 1 
Group profit (55% weighting) Above target level of performance (119.3% of target) 
Revenue (10% weighting) Above target level of performance (104.1% of target) 
Cost efficiency (10% weighting) Above target level of performance (102.9% of target) 
Customer objectives (6.25% weighting) Above target level of performance (123.2% of target) 
Customer NPS (18.75% weighting) Above target level of performance (111.2% of target) 
1. To determine payout, this is converted into a BPM and the final calculated payout is the product of the BPM and the IPM. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 84 
                
                   
               
         
               
       
         
 
     
  
 
  
 
                       
  
                        
                      
                         
 
                         
   
                       
 
     
                   
              
               
                 
              
    
                
          
                   
        
               
  
                 
                  
                
                     
            
                
                
                 
                 
                  
               
                  
           
                 
                 
                  
              
                      
               
          
          
  
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Directors’ remuneration report 
Part 2: Implementation 
This section sets out the details of the Executive Directors’ and NEDs’ remuneration, showing how the 
Remuneration Policy has been implemented in 2022 and how it will be applied in 2023. As well as disclosing 
remuneration figures for the Executive Directors, it includes details on how well performance targets have 
been met and the resulting level of MBS payout. 
Certain disclosures of the detailed information about the Directors’ remuneration set out below have been 
audited by the Group’s external auditor, PwC. 
Single total figure of remuneration 2022 – Executive Directors (audited) 
Director Year Salary 
£000 
Benefits 
£000 
MBS1 
£000 
GPP2 
£000 
Pension3 
£000 
Total 
£000 
Total fixed 
remuneration 
Total variable 
remuneration 
Iñaki Ereño 2022 939 2544 1,675 0 98 2,966 1,291 1,675 
Group CEO 2021 925 269 1,326 2,035 98 4,653 1,292 3,361 
James Lenton 2022 609 205 707 0 64 1,400 693 707 
Group CFO 2021 170 4 130 339 16 659 190 469 
1. MBS refers to incentive earned in respect of 2022 performance with 50% deferred until March 2026. In the deferral period, continued employment is 
required for payout. 
2. GPP refers to the previous long-term incentive scheme. Due to a change in the design of Bupa’s long-term incentive plan, no schemes are vesting 
ending 2022. Final deferred payout of the 2019 Group Performance Plan, which vested at the end of 2019, will occur in March 2023. 
3. Pension figures reflect a cash allowance paid to Executive Directors in lieu of company contributions into a pension scheme and are in line with the 
wider workforce. 
4. Iñaki Ereño’s benefit figure includes a housing allowance of £120,000 (net) and tax support services both of which are grossed up to meet the costs 
of the appropriate tax. 
5. James Lenton’s benefit figure includes certain travel and subsistence expenses that are treated as taxable, grossed up to meet the costs of the 
additional tax. 
2022 MBS measures and performance (Audited) 
For 2022, the Group CEO’s target MBS opportunity was 100% of salary, with a maximum of 200%. The Group 
CFO’s target MBS opportunity was 75% of salary, with a maximum of 150% of salary. 
The performance measures used to determine the 2022 MBS for our Executive Directors were as follows: 
▪ Group profit (55% of award) – management profit excluding mark to market used for MBS differs from 
underlying profit before taxation, with the most significant difference being the exclusion of amortisation 
of acquired intangible assets. 
▪ Group revenue (10% of award) – this includes Bupa’s proportionate share of revenue from associates and 
joint ventures, which is not included within reported revenue. 
▪ Cost efficiency (10% of award) – this is a measure focused on ensuring that we are running the business 
efficiently, calculated as overhead costs divided by revenue. 
▪ Customer objectives (6.25% of award) – this measure includes targets to improve our Customer Excellence 
Framework standards. 
▪ Customer NPS (18.75% of award) – this is a measure to drive improvement of our Net Promoter Score. 
Alongside the measures that make up the MBS scorecard, the MBS outcome is subject to an overall adjustment 
relating to risk management across Bupa as determined by the Committee, assisted by contributions from the 
Risk Committee and the Risk Review Panel. The overall result generates a BPM that is applied along with the IPM 
to target bonus generating the annual MBS payout for each individual. 
As detailed in the Committee Chair’s letter, in determining the annual MBS outcomes, the Committee applied 
discretion to ensure that management were not penalised for reimbursing health insurance customers in line with 
our commitment to not benefit from COVID-19 in our Australian health insurance business. Also related to this 
commitment, the Committee agreed to remove £66m of claims savings related to COVID-19. The other area which 
the Committee considered this year was the impact on statutory profit of the impairment of intangible assets and 
goodwill arising on business combinations, concluding that the current executive team were not responsible for 
the material factors leading to the impairment and should therefore not be penalised for the statutory loss; no 
additional adjustment would be applied to any former executive team member. 
The Group CEO received an IPM of 150% in recognition of providing inspirational leadership with the execution 
and delivery of the new transformative strategy, focusing on customers and performance, and leading to real 
underlying growth. The Group CEO has also shown commitment to making Bupa the very best place to work 
and in 2022 Bupa received its highest ever result on employee engagement. 
The Group CFO received an IPM of 130% in recognition of a successful first full year in role, ensuring that we invest 
in capabilities to accelerate our 3x6 strategy; transform Group Finance to include establishing a Corporate 
Development team; and develop a capital management strategy to evaluate opportunities. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 85 
                
 
  
   
 
 
    
 
  
 
 
    
 
  
 
    
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
             
             
               
               
               
      
                        
                      
           
            
 
 
  
  
     
             
             
        
                  
    
                  
                   
               
       
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
       
       
                  
                 
     
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
                
                
                
                   
               
       
 
 
                 
            
             
            
               
        
               
               
            
             
                  
               
               
           
                   
      
          
  
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Directors’ remuneration report 
Part 2: Implementation continued 
The financial targets and actual performance for the 2022 MBS are set out in the tables below. 
On target 
Threshold (100%) Stretch (125%) Actual Final Weighted 
performance performance performance performance Business Business 
2022 MBS payout1 
% weighting of 
measure 
level £(m) or % 
if indicated 
level £(m) or % 
if indicated 
level £(m) or % 
if indicated 
level £(m) or 
% if indicated 
Performance 
Multiplier 
Performance 
Multiplier 
Group profit2 55% 421 467 514 558 125.0% 68.7% 
Group revenue 10% 13,953 15,503 17,054 16,137 110.2% 11.0% 
Cost efficiency 10% 16.8% 15.2% 13.7% 14.8% 107.2% 10.7% 
Customer objectives 6.25% 50% 100% 125% 123.2% 123.2% 7.7% 
Customer NPS 18.75% 50% 100% 125% 111.2% 111.2% 20.9% 
Total BPM outcome 100% 119.0% 
1. For financial performance, threshold is 90% of target performance and stretch 110%. Payout for threshold is 0%, target is 100%, and stretch is 125%, 
with straight-line vesting in between. For customer performance, threshold is 50% of target performance and stretch 125%. Payout for threshold is 0%, 
target is 100%, and stretch is 125%, with straight-line vesting in between. 
2. Group profit for MBS is defined as management profit excluding mark to market. 
Salary1 Target award amount BPM% IPM% 2022 MBS payment2 % of maximum 
Executive Director (£'000) (% of salary) (0-125%) (0-160%) (£'000) Award 
Iñaki Ereño 939 100% 119.0% 150% 1,675 89.2% 
James Lenton 609 75% 119.0% 130% 707 77.4% 
1. Salary refers to that earned in respect of 2022. 
2. 50% of MBS payment is deferred for three years with payment dependent on continued employment until date of payment. 
Interests awarded during 2022 (audited) 
During the year, awards for the 2022–24 SPP (cash-based plan) were made to the Executive Directors. The plan 
covers the performance period to 31 December 2024. Vesting of the award is subject to the satisfaction of the 
performance conditions over the performance period. Subject to the potential application of malus, any cash 
award will be paid in March 2025. 
Threshold award Threshold Target award Target Maximum award Maximum award 
Executive Director Year (% of salary) award (£) (% of salary) award (£) (% of salary) (£) 
Iñaki Ereño 2022 30% 277,500 150% 1,387,500 300% 2,775,000 
James Lenton 2022 27.5% 165,000 137.5% 825,000 275% 1,650,000 
The payout for the Group CEO and Group CFO is based on the Committee’s assessment of Bupa’s performance 
against a scorecard for the 2022-24 financial years, details of which are set out in the table below. 
2022-24 Strategic Performance Plan (SPP) (audited) 
2022-24 SPP scorecard 
SPP scorecard Scorecard 
measures weighting Alignment to strategy 
Return on 55% ROCE is a good measure of Bupa’s performance as it ensures that we use our capital 
capital efficiently to generate profit. We have a wide range of businesses in our portfolio and need 
employed to focus on ensuring that we operate these efficiently and profitably. One of our focus areas 
(ROCE) over the next few years is on beating our cost of capital to ensure that we create a strong 
and sustainable business. We can do this by increasing the performance of all of our 
businesses as well as actively managing our portfolio. 
Customer 15% This measure directly links to one of our three ambition KPIs. In order to become the world’s 
healthcare most customer-centric healthcare company we need to ensure that we support customers 
touchpoints with their health and wellbeing and truly understand their needs. Owning more customer 
healthcare touchpoints will provide us with more data/insight on our customers, support 
our move towards becoming more digitally enabled and ultimately lead us to tailoring our 
support to each customer’s needs to provide better outcomes. 
Customer 15% One of the key outcomes of being a more customer-centric company is having more 
numbers customers. We want to retain our existing customers while finding new customers, and to do 
that we need to be continually implementing improvements based on feedback. Focussing 
on this measure ensures that we continue to have a strong and sustainable business. 
CO2 reduction 15% Our refreshed purpose demonstrates the role we have to play in the health of the planet. We 
have committed to science-based targets and will be a net zero business across all emission 
scopes by 2040. We strongly believe that business and sustainability go hand in hand and 
believe it is important to incentivise our senior leaders on this basis. 
Targets for SPP measures are not disclosed at this time due to commercial sensitivity and will be made available 
following the end of the plan period. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 86 
  
                    
                
     
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
                           
                               
                         
        
                    
                  
                     
                 
                 
                     
                   
                 
   
                      
                   
                       
           
                  
           
                   
               
            
 
    
          
        
          
        
          
        
          
        
     
                   
                 
 
 
        
         
                   
          
  
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Directors’ remuneration report 
Part 2: Implementation continued 
CEO pay ratio 
The table below compares the single total figure of remuneration for the CEO since 2019 with that of the UK 
employees who are paid at the 25th percentile (lower quartile), 50th percentile (median) and 75th percentile 
(upper quartile) of its employee population. 
Year Method Ratio with the 25th 
percentile employee 
Ratio with the 50th 
percentile employee 
Ratio with the 75th 
percentile employee 
2022 Option B Total pay and benefits 123:1 122:1 68:1 
Salary only 41:1 40:1 24:1 
2021 Option B Total pay and benefits 206:1 215:1 123:1 
Salary only 41:1 44:11 27:1 
2020 Option B Total pay and benefits 226:1 225:1 126:1 
Salary only 44:1 42:1 26:1 
2019 Option B Total pay and benefits 197:1 143:1 116:1 
Salary only 43:1 37:1 29:1 
1. The 2021 50th percentile salary shown in the table above is lower than the lower quartile salary as a result of the Gender Pay Gap data methodology. 
The Gender Pay Gap data is a snapshot of hourly pay as at 5 April and it is this snapshot that is used to identify the 25th, 50th and 75th percentile 
employees for this table in line with the CEO Pay Ratio regulations. The table above details actual pay earned through the year for those employees 
identified at the 25th, 50th and 75th percentile. 
Of the three options available for calculating the pay ratio we have chosen Option B, which uses the most recent 
gender pay gap information (April 2022) to identify and select employees at the 25th, 50th and 75th percentile. 
This method has been chosen as it makes use of our gender pay data which provides a readily available and robust 
dataset. This is made up of all UK employees from Bupa’s insurance, corporate functions and health provision 
businesses. To ensure that the results are representative of the employee population’s pay and benefits at those 
quartiles, Bupa has chosen to use a median value of the pay and benefits for the 15 employees above and below, 
and including, the individual at the given quartile. This approach was taken to allow for any leavers through the 
year, given Bupa’s large and diverse workforce. The annual remuneration figures are taken across the full year 
ending 31 December 2022. 
Changes to the CEO pay ratio at the salary level reflect actions taken by Bupa on pay to address issues with the 
cost of living crisis. Furthermore, the significant changes in the overall position this year with regards to total pay 
and benefits is in part a result of the reduced single total figure for the Group CEO due to changes in the vesting 
schedule of Bupa’s long-term incentive schemes as outlined in last year's report. 
In reviewing the employee pay data, the Committee is comfortable that the overall picture presented by the ratios 
is consistent with our pay, reward and progression policies for UK employees. 
In the table above, the Committee has chosen to provide information relating to salary in addition to the total 
remuneration calculations. As incentive pay can significantly vary year on year, the Committee determined that 
the salary ratio provides helpful context beyond that of the single figure. 
UK employees 25th percentile 50th percentile 75th percentile 
2022 Total pay and benefits £24,112 £24,287 £43,745 
2022 Salary only £22,721 £23,301 £38,339 
2021 Total pay and benefits £22,584 £21,632 £37,930 
2021 Salary only £22,358 £21,120 £34,889 
2020 Total pay and benefits £21,392 £21,528 £38,371 
2020 Salary only £20,340 £21,373 £34,085 
2019 Total pay and benefits £21,899 £25,412 £31,468 
2019 Salary only £20,325 £23,543 £29,914 
Relative importance of spend on pay 
The table below shows the relative importance of spend on pay. Given that Bupa does not have shareholders and 
therefore does not pay dividends, cash flow used in investing activities has been shown as an alternative measure. 
2022 2021 Difference 
(£m) (£m) 2022-2021 (£m) 
Remuneration paid to all employees1 2,499 2,395 104 
Cash flow used in investing activities 889 235 654 
1. Remuneration paid to all employees includes staff costs relating to wages and salaries as found in note 2.3.1 (page 139). 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 87 
       
                
               
                    
                  
               
   
   
 
    
 
               
             
       
       
 
              
             
         
             
          
            
             
       
             
         
                
                            
        
                  
        
       
                        
     
               
                       
                         
                      
             
                       
                  
         
                     
      
                      
                      
          
          
                         
 
          
  
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Directors’ remuneration report 
Part 2: Implementation continued 
Percentage change in remuneration of Directors and employees 
The table below shows the change in salary/fees, benefits and short–term incentives (annual bonus) for Executive 
Directors and Non-Executive Directors in 2022 compared to 2021 and 2020, alongside a corresponding average 
figure for the Bupa employee comparator group. As the Group CEO is located in the UK, the UK salaried population 
has been chosen by the Committee as the most appropriate comparison. The percentage change in salary is a 
snapshot of 1 April 2022 increases only and does not reflect increases awarded through the year. 
% change in salary/fees 
2020 2021 2022 
Executive Directors1 
Iñaki Ereño2 n/a 2.8% 1.9% 
James Lenton3 n/a 0.5% 2.0% 
Evelyn Bourke4 2.9% n/a n/a 
Joy Linton5 2.9% n/a n/a 
Non-Executive Directors6 
Roger Davis (Chairman)7 0% 0.9% 2.1% 
Paul Evans8 3.4% 0.6% 25.3% 
Michael Hawker9 1.3% 2.3% 6.9% 
Cath Keers10 23.1% 0% 4.2% 
Nicholas Lyons11 -2.3% 10.5% n/a 
Matías Rodríguez Inciarte12 6.4% 12.7% 16.4% 
Melvin Samsom13 -2.5% 8.9% 16.3% 
Caroline Silver14 0.9% 0% 1.8% 
Clare Thompson15 3.9% 3.0% 2.2% 
Janet Voûte16 -3.5% 4.8% n/a 
Average UK employee17 1.8% 1.7% 2.1% 
% change in benefits % change in short-term 
(excl. pension) incentives 
2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 
0% 136% -6% n/a 17% 26% 
0% -65% 25% n/a n/a 53% 
106% n/a n/a 549% n/a n/a 
124% n/a n/a -100% n/a n/a 
-13% -23% 20% n/a n/a n/a 
-59% 43% 110% n/a n/a n/a 
-100% n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 
250% -71% 100% n/a n/a n/a 
0% 0% n/a n/a n/a n/a 
-100% n/a 400% n/a n/a n/a 
-35% -88% 150% n/a n/a n/a 
n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 
0% 0% 0% n/a n/a n/a 
-74% -40% n/a n/a n/a n/a 
No material change 24.9% 6.9% 33.0% 
1. Martin Potkins acted as interim CFO from 5 March to 11 November 2021 and as no year on year changes are reportable he is not included in this table. 
2. Iñaki Ereño was appointed Group CEO in January 2021. 
3. James Lenton joined Bupa as Group CFO in September 2021 with formal approval to the position in November 2021. 
4. Evelyn Bourke retired as Group CEO in December 2020. 
5. Joy Linton was Group CFO until March 2021. 
6. Not included in this table are the three NEDs appointed in 2022: Gunjan Bhow, Sally Clark and Pia Heidenmark Cook. Their percentage change in 
remuneration will be reported from 2023. 
7. Increased benefit costs for Roger Davis relate to use of a car service in 2022. 
8. The increased fees reported for Paul Evans reflect changes to committee memberships, including taking on the role of chair of the audit committee 
from 1 May 2022, as well as appointment to Senior Independent Director in Group in 2022. Included are fees for membership of the BGUK MU 
Advisory Oversight Committee. Also reflected are fees for his services on multiple Committees as a NED of Bupa Insurance Limited and Bupa 
Insurance Services Limited. Increased benefit costs relate to the increase in travel in 2022. 
9. As zero benefit costs were reported for Michael Hawker in 2021 due to travel restrictions, benefit cost increases for 2022 are not calculated. 
10. The increased overall benefit costs for Cath Keers are reflective of the very low costs incurred in 2021. 
11. Nicholas Lyons resigned as a NED on 31 August 2021. 
12. The increase to fees reported for Matías Rodríguez Inciarte relate to membership of the ELA MU Advisory Oversight Committee. The increased 
benefit costs reflect increased travel in 2022. 
13. Increased fees for Melvin Samsom are a result of changes to committee membership and increases to benefit costs reflect increased travel in 2022. 
14. As zero benefit costs were reported for Caroline Silver in 2021 due to travel restrictions, benefit cost increases for 2022 are not calculated. 
15. Clare Thompson stepped down as a NED on 30 April 2022. 
16. Janet Voûte stepped down as a NED on 31 December 2021. 
17. All permanent employees in the UK who were in employment during the two calendar year periods of 2021 and 2022 were selected as the most 
appropriate comparator. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 88 
                   
 
 
   
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
     
       
         
           
       
       
       
       
       
       
     
            
         
         
              
                  
       
                    
               
                     
                 
 
            
 
 
       
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
  
  
 
 
       
 
   
 
   
 
  
 
  
  
     
         
                  
                  
               
       
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
 
  
  
  
    
   
   
          
            
          
  
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Directors’ remuneration report 
Part 2: Implementation continued 
Historical 
The table below shows levels of payout to the Group CEO against the maximum incentive opportunity for the last 
ten years. 
Long-term 
incentive 
(2019) GPP 
Transition 
Single figure of 
total 
remuneration 
Annual bonus 
payout against 
maximum 
vesting rates 
against 
maximum 
GPP vesting 
rates against 
maximum 
Award vesting 
rates against 
maximum 
SPP vesting 
rates against 
maximum 
Year CEO (£’000) opportunity % opportunity % opportunity % opportunity % opportunity % 
2022 Iñaki Ereño1 
2,966 89% n/a n/a n/a n/a 
2021 Iñaki Ereño 4,653 72% n/a 80% n/a n/a 
2020 Evelyn Bourke2 
4,838 64% 50% 57% n/a n/a 
2019 Evelyn Bourke 3,646 10% —% 49% 49% n/a 
2018 Evelyn Bourke 2,078 45% 16% n/a n/a n/a 
2017 Evelyn Bourke 2,511 64% 41% n/a n/a n/a 
2016 Evelyn Bourke3 
1,837 56% 44% n/a n/a n/a 
2016 Stuart Fletcher4 
1,315 46% 44% n/a n/a n/a 
2015 Stuart Fletcher 2,081 62% 30% n/a n/a n/a 
2014 Stuart Fletcher 2,812 82% 71% n/a n/a n/a 
2013 Stuart Fletcher 1,703 71% n/a5 n/a n/a n/a 
1. Details of Iñaki Ereño’s 2022 incentive payout are laid out on page 86. 
2. Evelyn Bourke retired as Group CEO on 31 December 2020. 
3. Evelyn Bourke was appointed Group CEO on 25 July 2016. 
4. Stuart Fletcher left Bupa on 31 May 2016; his annual bonus reflects a pro-rated payment. 
5. Stuart Fletcher was not a participant of this plan; however, payments to eligible participants was 84% of the maximum. 
Statement of implementation of Remuneration Policy in 2023 
The remuneration of the Group CEO and Group CFO for 2023 was reviewed by the Committee in the context of 
the Remuneration Policy as described on pages 92-96. Having reviewed the salaries, the Committee approved 
salary increases for the Group CEO of 3.9% and for the Group CFO of 3.8%, to reflect their performance in the 
role and position against external market practice as well as considering alignment with the broader workforce. 
Salary Pension 
(effective from 1 April 2023) (effective from 1 Jan 2023) Management Bonus Scheme1 Strategic Performance Plan2 
Iñaki Ereño £980,000 12% salary Threshold – 0% salary Threshold opportunity – 30% 
Group CEO salary (£282,900) 
Target opportunity – Target opportunity – 150% 
100% salary salary (£1,414,500) 
Maximum opportunity – Maximum opportunity – 
200% salary 300% salary (£2,829,000) 
James Lenton £635,000 12% salary Threshold – 0% salary Threshold opportunity – 27.5% 
Group CFO salary (£168,300) 
Target opportunity – Target opportunity – 137.5% 
75% salary salary (£841,500) 
Maximum opportunity Maximum opportunity – 
150% salary 275% salary (£1,683,000) 
1. Based on salary earned in 2023. 
2. SPP award based on salary as of 1 March 2023. 
The MBS and SPP have been designed, in line with the Remuneration Policy, to support Bupa’s strategy. The 
targets and the weighting of the measures were carefully considered to ensure the right balance of financial and 
non-financial measures in the short-term and the long-term, and to support strong and sustainable performance. 
Due to commercial sensitivity, these are not disclosed. 
Management Strategic 
Bonus Scheme Performance Plan 
Measure weighting per measure Measure weighting per measure 
Group profit 55% ROCE 55% 
Revenue 10% Customer healthcare touchpoints 15% 
Cost efficiency 10% Customer numbers 15% 
Customer1 25% CO2 reduction 15% 
1. The customer measure is a combination of customer objectives and NPS. 
The outcomes for MBS and SPP are both subject to a risk assessment. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 89 
    
         
       
                    
        
    
                  
                 
            
          
 
 
 
   
    
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
    
                     
                         
        
 
  
              
       
       
             
             
        
             
              
              
             
             
            
                        
                          
      
                      
                
                     
                      
            
          
          
  
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Directors’ remuneration report 
Part 2: Implementation continued 
Payments to former Directors (audited) 
There were no payments to former Directors for 2022. 
Payments for loss of office to Directors (audited) 
There were no payments for loss of office to Directors for 2022. Those NEDs who stepped down during the year 
did not receive any payment for loss of office. 
Chairman and Non-Executive Director fees 
During 2022, the fee for the Chairman was reviewed by the Committee and the fees for the Non-Executive 
Directors were reviewed by the Chairman and the Executive Directors. The fees for the Chairman and the basic 
fee for Non-Executive Directors were increased in line with the broader UK-based population. 
The current fee levels are set out in the table below. 
2022 Fee 
Chairman’s fee £442,000 
Non-Executive Director basic fee £73,500 
Senior Independent Director fee £25,000 
Committee chairmanship Audit Committee £25,000 
Remuneration Committee £25,000 
Risk Committee1 £25,000 
Sustainability Committee £15,000 
Committee membership Audit Committee £8,000 
Remuneration Committee £8,000 
Risk Committee £8,000 
Sustainability Committee £4,500 
Nomination & Governance Committee £4,500 
1. The Risk Committee fees were reviewed and increased from March 2023 in the context of the external recruitment being undertaken. The increase 
will be reported in the 2023 Annual Report and Accounts. The Risk Committee fees will be excluded from the annual NED fee review in July 2023. 
Single total figure of remuneration 2022 – NEDs (audited) 
Fees Benefits1 Total 
£000 £000 £000 
Non Executive Directors 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 
Roger Davis (Chairman) 438 429 12 10 450 439 
Gunjan Bhow 59 n/a 60 n/a 119 n/a 
Sally Clark 49 n/a 4 n/a 53 n/a 
Paul Evans2 213 170 21 10 234 180 
Michael Hawker3 187 175 37 – 224 175 
Pia Heidenmark Cook 61 n/a 10 n/a 71 n/a 
Cath Keers 100 96 4 2 104 98 
Matías Rodríguez Inciarte4 227 195 10 2 237 197 
Melvin Samsom 100 86 10 4 110 90 
Caroline Silver 114 112 1 – 115 112 
Clare Thompson5 46 137 1 1 47 138 
Total 1,594 1,400 170 29 1,764 1,429 
1. Travel and subsistence expenses for attending meetings at Bupa’s head office are treated as taxable income. All NED expenses in relation to this are 
grossed up to meet the costs of the additional tax and NIC. The benefits figures reflect this approach. It is worth noting the increased level of travel 
in 2022 compared with the prior year. 
2. The 2022 figures for Paul Evans include fees of £16,667 for membership of the BGUK MU Advisory Oversight Committee and £91,707 of fees, 
in respect of his services as a NED of Bupa Insurance Limited and Bupa Insurance Services Limited. 
3. The 2022 figures for Michael Hawker’s include AU$174,116, in respect of his services as Deputy Chairman of Bupa Australia and New Zealand. 
4. The 2022 figures for Matías Rodríguez Inciarte includes fees of €36,300 for membership of the ELA MU Advisory Oversight Committee and €125,000 
in respect of his services as a NED of Sanitas, S.A. de Seguros. 
5. Clare Thompson stepped down as a NED on 30 April 2022. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 90 
 
          
               
                  
   
                  
   
               
           
    
                 
                  
                
                  
              
                  
                  
          
              
                  
                   
          
  
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Directors’ remuneration report 
Part 2: Implementation continued 
Committee Governance 
Cath Keers has chaired the Remuneration Committee since 1 January 2020. 
In addition to the Group Company Secretary, regular attendees at the Committee meetings who provided 
comment and advice were the Group CEO, the Group CFO, the Chief Sustainability & People Officer and the 
Performance & Reward Director. 
The Committee presented the 2021 Directors’ remuneration report at the AGM in May 2022 and it was approved 
by the AMs. 
In determining the remuneration policy and practices, the Committee considers the following principles of the 
Corporate Governance Code: clarity, simplicity, predictability, proportionality, alignment with culture, and 
outcomes not rewarding poor performance. 
Following a selection process in 2021, where a number of advisory firms presented to the committee, Deloitte 
was appointed by the Remuneration Committee as its independent adviser from 1 May 2021. The appointment is 
reviewed every year. The Committee is of the view that Deloitte provides independent remuneration advice and 
does not have any connections with Bupa that may impair its independence. Deloitte is a member of the 
Remuneration Consultants’ Group and voluntarily operates under this group’s code of conduct when providing 
advice on executive remuneration in the UK. Deloitte’s fees for services to the Committee in 2022 were £62,850 
on a time and materials basis. During the year, Deloitte advised on market practice, corporate governance and 
regulations, remuneration benchmarking and other matters that the Committee was considering. 
Other teams within Deloitte provided unrelated tax and consulting services to Bupa during the year. 
The Terms of Reference of the Committee were reviewed by the Committee and adopted by the Board in 
December 2022. A full description of the Committee’s role is set out in its Terms of Reference here on bupa.com. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 91 
            
                 
               
                
                 
                  
                    
                  
                
                      
               
     
    
   
    
   
    
 
    
      
    
    
    
   
    
    
    
    
 
     
  
   
 
    
   
   
   
   
 
    
    
   
    
    
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
 
  
    
   
    
     
    
  
   
    
   
  
    
      
     
     
       
     
  
    
   
      
     
     
   
  
     
      
   
    
     
   
   
    
   
     
     
 
    
   
  
   
  
   
    
    
    
    
   
   
   
     
    
    
    
    
    
   
   
    
       
     
     
    
      
      
  
   
   
      
    
    
   
  
    
    
   
   
    
    
     
          
  
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Directors’ remuneration report 
Part 3: Policy 
In determining, implementing and reviewing the Remuneration Policy, the Remuneration Committee has 
regard to the Group’s business strategy and arrangements that apply across the wider workforce, regularly 
monitoring and taking into consideration the evolving market practice, views expressed by the AMs, the 
economic environment and underlying financial performance of the Group throughout the year. The aim of 
Bupa’s Remuneration Policy is to promote the long-term success of the Company and motivate management 
to deliver strong and sustainable business performance aligned with Bupa’s purpose of helping people live longer, 
healthier, happier lives and making a better world. The Policy is intended to deliver a level and mix of remuneration 
competitive with companies of a similar scale and complexity. In respect of a resolution to approve the 2021 
directors’ remuneration report and the directors’ remuneration policy, 100% of AMs approved the motion at the 
AGM on 11 May 2022. The Policy applies for up to three years. The policy is available on Bupa's website under 
the ‘Financials’ heading in the Directors’ Remuneration Report of the Annual Report and Accounts. 
Remuneration Policy table – Executive Directors 
Base salary Management Bonus Scheme Strategic Performance Plan Pension Benefits 
Purpose and link to strategy 
Core element of To drive behaviour and To motivate and incentivise To provide an income after To attract and retain 
remuneration set to attract to promote focus on the delivery of strong sustained retirement, healthcare Executive Directors by 
and retain Executive business priorities for the performance over the long security and family providing health and 
Directors, reflecting their role year. term aligned with Bupa’s protection benefits. wellbeing benefits and 
and contribution. To motivate and incentivise 
delivery of performance over 
strategic objectives. providing security for 
their families. 
the annual operating plan. 
Operation 
Salary levels are reviewed Bonus levels and the As Bupa cannot provide For the current Executive Executive Directors are 
annually with any changes appropriateness of measures equity-based incentives, it Directors and new entitled to a number of 
becoming effective in April. and weightings are reviewed provides an LTIP in the form appointments, the benefits which may include 
Factors taken into account 
include: 
annually to ensure that they 
continue to support the 
business strategy. 
of a deferred cash incentive 
that is broadly reflective of 
equity-based plans in 
Company operates a 
defined contribution 
pension scheme. Executive 
private health cover for 
themselves and their family, 
an annual health assessment 
▪ Level of skill, experience Performance over the comparable companies. Directors have the option for themselves and their 
and scope of financial year is measured Awards are usually made on to take any employer partner, life insurance, 
responsibilities of the against stretching financial an annual basis and relate to contribution as a cash income protection, car 
individual; and non-financial performance over a three- allowance or a combination allowance (or alternately for 
▪ Overall business 
performance, scarcity of 
talent, economic climate 
and market conditions; 
performance targets set at 
the start of the financial year. 
Typically, 50% of any bonus 
awarded will be deferred for 
a period of up to three years, 
year period. Vesting of 
awards is based on the 
extent to which 
performance targets, set 
and assessed by the 
of pension contribution 
and cash allowance. 
the Group CEO, the use of a 
company car and driver) and 
30 days’ annual holiday. The 
benefits offered may need 
to be changed from time 
▪ General increases across with the remaining 50% paid Committee, are achieved. to time to reflect changing 
Bupa; and 
▪ External market data. 
immediately in cash. Any payments will be made 
following the end of the 
performance period. 
circumstances. Authorised 
travel expenses are 
reimbursed along with 
the additional tax and NIC 
incurred where these are 
treated as taxable income; 
and, in exceptional 
circumstances, where 
spouses or partners are 
required to travel for 
business purposes, travel 
and subsistence expenses 
are reimbursed along with 
the additional tax and NIC. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 92 
 
 
    
       
   
     
   
      
    
     
    
      
    
    
    
  
   
    
   
     
    
   
   
      
     
 
 
    
     
   
   
      
      
   
    
    
    
     
    
    
   
      
      
    
    
     
     
   
      
 
     
  
        
          
         
        
        
         
          
          
          
    
       
    
  
        
         
    
        
 
         
         
  
       
        
       
      
           
        
         
        
       
      
      
 
        
         
  
          
  
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Directors’ remuneration report 
Part 3: Policy continued 
Base salary Management Bonus Scheme Strategic Performance Plan Pension Benefits 
Maximum opportunity 
Salary increases are normally The maximum bonus The maximum award will not Executive Directors receive There is no specific maximum 
in line with those of the Bupa opportunity will not exceed exceed 300% of base salary. employer contributions in benefit spend. 
employee population. Larger 200% of base salary. line with the rest of the 
increases may be given in workforce. 
certain circumstances such 
as when a new recruit has 
been appointed on lower 
than market rate salary with 
the expectation of phased 
increases to bring it up to 
market level. The Committee 
does not consider it 
appropriate to set a 
maximum salary level. 
Performance metrics 
None. MBS payments are based 
on the achievement of 
challenging financial and 
non-financial objectives. No 
less than 60% of the annual 
Vesting of awards is based 
on performance against a 
combination of financial and 
non-financial measures. No 
less than 55% of the SPP 
bonus will be subject to the 
achievement of financial 
will be based on financial 
measures, with the remainder 
measures which will be based on measures linked 
aligned with the strategic 
priorities of the business. 
to key strategic priorities 
of the business. Threshold 
performance results in 
a payment of 10% of 
the maximum. 
None. None. 
Malus and clawback 
Malus and clawback provisions may be operated at 
the discretion of the Committee in respect of awards 
granted under the MBS, GPP, SPP and LTIP. Malus 
(under which awards may be reduced, cancelled or 
made subject to additional conditions) may be applied 
prior to the payment of the award. Clawback (requiring 
a repayment of cash which has been delivered) may be 
operated for up to three years following payment of the 
SPP, GPP and the MBS (which includes the initial bonus 
payment and the deferred bonus). 
Circumstances in which the operation of these 
provisions may be considered include: 
▪ Misstatement of results 
▪ An error in assessing any relevant performance metric 
or in the information or assumptions on which the 
MBS or SPP is determined 
▪ Serious reputational damage to Bupa or a relevant 
Business Unit 
▪ A scenario in which significant risk has been taken 
which is outside of Bupa’s or a relevant Business 
Unit’s risk appetite 
▪ An employee enters into any hedging transaction 
or transactions that might undermine the intended 
performance and/or risk alignment of any awards 
under the Plan, including any deferred amount 
▪ An act or omission which justifies, or in the opinion of 
the Board would have justified, summary dismissal or 
service of notice of termination of employment on the 
grounds of misconduct on the part of an employee 
▪ Gross misconduct or material breach of employment 
contract 
▪ New information presenting itself, highlighting that 
performance (Company or eligible employee) was 
incorrectly assessed 
▪ Any other circumstance which the Committee in its 
discretion considers to be similar in nature or effect 
to the above. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 93 
       
                 
                
  
               
                  
    
         
        
      
   
          
       
      
     
         
     
 
       
        
         
      
     
      
       
      
 
      
        
  
    
        
      
        
     
     
     
         
         
      
         
        
         
        
        
        
           
          
          
   
         
          
     
          
  
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Directors’ remuneration report 
Part 3: Policy continued 
Illustrations of the application of the Remuneration Policy 
Bupa aims to provide a balance of fixed and variable compensation that provides stability while also incentivising 
superior business performance. At target, over 50% of the Executive Directors’ remuneration is based on individual 
and Company performance. 
This graph illustrates the potential remuneration outcomes variation for different levels of performance using the 
incumbents’ bonusable salary in 2023 to calculate the MBS values and 1 March 2023 to calculate the SPP values. 
Performance measures and target setting 
Measures and targets for the MBS are aligned with 
delivery of Bupa’s annual operating plan and may 
include personal objectives that change from 
year to year. 
Measures and targets for the SPP are set by the 
Committee, taking into account internal and external 
reference points which include historic Bupa 
performance, internal forward-looking plans and 
broader market trends. Targets are set for vesting at 
threshold, target and maximum performance levels. 
Committee discretion 
The Committee has ultimate discretion over all 
incentive plans relating to the Executive Directors 
and other individuals within its remit. This includes, 
but is not limited to: 
▪ Determining the size of the award/payment 
▪ Determining whether minimum levels of performance 
have been met or underlying performance is 
satisfactory before determining the vesting of 
any awards 
▪ Determining whether the management of risk 
has been acceptable, or whether any downward 
adjustments are required 
▪ Selecting or adjusting performance measures 
within the Remuneration Policy and the plan rules 
▪ Determining whether individuals are ‘good leavers’ 
for incentive plan purposes, based on plan rules 
▪ Making one-off adjustments in exceptional 
circumstances. 
Approach to Remuneration Policy on 
recruitment of an Executive Director 
Our approach to remuneration on recruitment is to pay 
no more than is necessary and appropriate to attract 
the right talent to the role. 
The Remuneration Policy table on page 92 sets out 
the various components which would be considered 
for inclusion in the remuneration package for the 
appointment of an Executive Director. Typically, a new 
appointment will be placed (or be transitioned) onto 
the framework that applies to other Executive Directors 
as set out in the policy table. Salary would reflect the 
skills and experience of the individual, and may be set 
at a level to allow future salary progression to reflect 
performance in the role. 
It would be expected that the structure and quantum 
of the variable pay elements would reflect those set 
out in the policy table. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 94 
        
        
          
          
         
           
        
        
       
      
       
           
         
       
 
          
      
     
 
    
        
       
        
         
       
        
    
    
    
  
        
         
          
     
        
       
          
   
        
         
         
          
        
      
      
 
      
         
           
      
          
          
   
    
      
       
        
         
     
        
          
           
        
     
 
  
   
  
    
 
         
                
               
               
   
     
   
               
             
               
     
               
   
     
   
               
           
            
               
               
                
              
                
                 
       
          
  
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Directors’ remuneration report 
Part 3: Policy continued 
The Committee reserves the right to make any 
remuneration payments or payments for loss of office 
where the terms of the payment were agreed: (i) before 
the Remuneration Policy came into effect, or (ii) at a 
time when the relevant individual was not a Director 
of the Company and, in the opinion of the Committee, 
the payment was not in consideration for the 
individual becoming a Director of the Company. 
To facilitate recruitment, the Committee may make 
compensatory payments and/or awards for any 
remuneration arrangements subject to forfeit on leaving 
a previous employer. We will seek to replicate, as far as 
practicable, the potential value and time horizon of such 
remuneration, as well as performance conditions that 
may apply. 
In some circumstances, it may also be necessary to set 
up additional or alternative arrangements, including 
but not limited to: 
▪ Relocation-related expenses 
▪ International assignment allowances and expenses. 
In the case of internal promotions, any commitments 
made before appointment may be honoured unless 
an alternative approach, more closely aligned with 
the prevailing policy, is agreed by the Committee. 
Any special joining arrangements may include malus 
and/or clawback; for example, tied to leaving within 
a predefined period. 
Differences between the remuneration 
policies for Executive Directors and 
other employees 
The Remuneration Policy for the Executive Directors is 
designed to be broadly similar to the policy applicable 
to Bupa employees to ensure that they are both aligned 
Policy Committee response 
Notice period and 
compensation for 
loss of office in 
service contracts 
▪ 
▪ 
12 months’ notice from the Company to the Executive Director. 
Up to 12 months’ base salary (in line with the notice period). Notice period payments will 
either be made as normal (if the Executive Director continues to work during the notice 
period or is on ‘gardening leave’) or at the termination date for any unexpired notice period. 
Treatment of MBS 
on loss of office 
under plan rules 
▪ The Committee may make an MBS payment for the year of cessation depending on the 
reason for leaving. Typically, the Committee will take into consideration the period served 
during the year and the individual’s performance up to cessation. Any such payment is at 
the discretion of the Committee. 
▪ Any MBS will be paid at the normal time following the end of the performance year. 
Treatment of SPP 
on loss of office 
under plan rules 
▪ An Executive Director’s award will vest in accordance with the terms of the plan and 
satisfaction of performance conditions measured at the normal completion of the 
performance period if the reason for leaving is redundancy, pre-agreed retirement, early 
retirement on the grounds of ill health, death or any other special circumstance agreed by 
the Committee. In these cases, final awards may be pro-rated based on completed months 
of service. The period of active employment excludes any period of ‘gardening leave’ or other 
such period when the Executive Director was legally employed but not required to actively 
carry out their duties. For any other reason, they will not be eligible for an SPP payment. 
▪ Any SPP payment will be paid at the normal time, e.g. following the end of the performance 
period, or two years later for any deferral. 
with delivering sustainable business performance. 
Although the size of the opportunity varies, the 
underlying principles of the salary review cycle, 
MBS and SPP are the same for the senior 
executive population. 
A small number of senior executives across Bupa 
participate in the SPP, based on the same framework 
as the Executive Directors, with award levels calculated 
as a percentage of salary based on their level of 
seniority and accountability. Vesting of the awards is 
dependent on performance against specific financial 
and non-financial measures over a three-year 
performance period. 
Policy on payments for loss of office 
The table summarises the key elements of our policy 
on payment for loss of office in compliance with the 
relevant plan rules and local employment legislation. 
Any payments made due to loss of office may take 
into account malus or clawback provisions as set out 
on page 93. 
Service contracts for Executive Directors 
Executive Directors have a 12-month rolling 
employment contract. The notice requirement is 12 
months from both the Company and the individual, 
which may be payable in lieu. These contracts also 
include specific post-termination restrictions. Executive 
Directors are usually permitted, subject to the Board’s 
approval, to have one external NED role and to accept 
and retain the fee for this appointment. This is on the 
condition that any external appointment does not give 
rise to a conflict of interest. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 95 
    
     
                   
                  
                 
        
      
     
   
     
  
          
          
          
       
          
        
  
     
  
           
 
     
   
  
           
          
        
         
        
           
        
          
        
     
          
  
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Directors’ remuneration report 
Part 3: Policy continued 
Remuneration Policy table – NEDs 
Terms of engagement for NEDs 
The terms of engagement for the Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) of Bupa set out the fees and benefits to which 
they are entitled as well as the expectation of the time commitment required to effectively perform their role. 
Copies of the terms of engagement are available here on bupa.com. The table describes the Remuneration Policy 
as it applies to the Chairman and NEDs. 
Element Purpose and link to strategy Operation 
Fees To attract and provide 
stability, reflecting the 
complexity of the role and 
time commitment required 
The Chairman receives an all-inclusive fee. NEDs receive a fixed 
basic fee. Additional fees are paid for chairing or membership 
of Board Committees and/or additional work in relation to 
subsidiaries, and for the Senior Independent Director role. 
Fees are reviewed annually by the Board with any changes 
implemented in July. Key factors taken into account include: 
▪ Overall business performance 
▪ Scope and responsibility of the role 
▪ Appropriate market data 
▪ The fact that NEDs are not eligible for any form of 
variable pay. 
Benefits To provide health and 
wellbeing benefits aligned 
with Bupa’s purpose 
During their time in office, NEDs are entitled to private health 
cover for themselves and their family and an annual health 
assessment for themselves and their partner (subject to 
availability of a Bupa domestic private health product). These 
benefits are taxable. Authorised travel expenses are reimbursed 
along with the additional tax and NIC incurred where these are 
treated as taxable income and, in exceptional circumstances, 
where spouses or partners are required to travel for business 
purposes, travel and subsistence expenses are reimbursed along 
with the additional tax and NIC. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 96 
     
 
 
  
   
 
 
         
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
                             
 
                          
       
                        
                  
                       
               
                       
       
                    
                
                        
            
  
         
        
        
        
          
        
         
         
           
      
     
 
       
          
       
        
        
        
         
          
         
    
    
    
       
 
   
      
     
  
     
   
   
   
 
   
  
   
 
   
    
 
   
   
  
 
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Other statutory information 
Board and Committee attendance in 2022 
Nomination & Board 
Governance Remuneration Risk Sustainability 
Board Audit Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee 
Scheduled Additional Scheduled Additional Scheduled Additional Scheduled Scheduled Scheduled 
Mtgs Mtgs Mtgs Mtgs Mtgs Mtgs Mtgs Mtgs Mtgs 
No. of meetings 10 1 8 3 3 2 6 5 4 
Roger Davis 10/10 1/1 3/3 2/2 6/6 
Iñaki Ereño 10/10 1/1 4/4 
James Lenton 10/10 1/1 
Paul Evans 10/10 1/1 8/8 3/3 3/3 2/2 5/5 
Gunjan Bhow1 7/8 0/0 3/3 
Sally Clark2 4/5 0/0 3/3 2/2 3/3 3/3 
Mike Hawker3 10/10 1/1 3/4 3/3 4/4 2/2 4/4 
Pia Heidenmark 
Cook4 7/8 0/0 2/2 0/0 3/3 
Cath Keers5 9/10 0/1 6/6 2/2 
Matías Rodríguez 
Inciarte 10/10 1/1 8/8 3/3 5/5 
Melvin Samsom 10/10 1/1 3/3 2/2 5/5 4/4 
Caroline Silver6 7/10 0/1 6/8 3/3 5/6 4/5 
Clare Thompson7 3/4 0/1 4/4 1/1 0/1 1/1 1/1 
1. Gunjan Bhow joined the Board on 1 April 2022 and the Risk Committee on 8 June 2022. He was unable to attend one Board meeting due to a prior 
commitment. 
2. Sally Clark joined the Board and became a member of the Audit, Remuneration and Risk Committees on 1 July 2022. She was unable to attend one 
Board meeting due to a prior commitment. 
3. Mike Hawker joined the Remuneration Committee on 3 February 2022 and the Audit Committee on 8 June 2022 and retired from the Risk Committee 
on 8 June 2022. He was unable to attend one Audit Committee meeting due to a prior commitment. 
4. Pia Heidenmark Cook joined the Board and the Board Sustainability Committee on 1 April 2022 and the Nomination & Governance Committee on 8 
June 2022. She was unable to attend one Board meeting due to a prior commitment. 
5. Cath Keers was unable to attend one scheduled Board meeting and the additional Board meeting due to prior commitments. She was appointed to 
the Sustainability Committee on 8 June 2022. 
6. Caroline Silver was unable to attend three scheduled Board meetings and the additional Board meeting, two Audit Committee meetings, one 
Remuneration Committee meeting and one Risk Committee meeting due to illness, a bereavement and prior commitments. 
7. Clare Thompson retired from the Board and all her Committee memberships on 30 April 2022. She was unable to attend the additional Board meeting 
and the additional Nomination & Governance Committee meeting due to prior commitments. 
Insurance and indemnities Disclosure Location 
Financial instruments Note 10 page 164 Bupa has a directors’ and officers’ insurance policy in 
place, together with indemnities for the Directors and Risk management objectives and Note 26 page 184 
policies in relation to the use of certain senior managers, to the extent permitted by 
financial instruments English law and the Company’s Articles of Association. 
Likely future business Strategic Report page 1These cover all losses arising out of, or in connection developments 
with, the execution of their powers, duties and Acquisitions and disposals Note 24 page 181 responsibilities, as Directors of the Company or of any 
of its subsidiaries. These have been in place throughout Financial performance Page 3 
2022 and to the date of this Annual Report. There are Engaging with our people and Strategic Report – 
no other qualifying third-party indemnity provisions employment of disabled persons People and culture 
or pension indemnity provisions in place. page 18 
Relationships with suppliers, Section 172 statement 
Disclosure compliance customers and others page 36 
Greenhouse gas emissions, TCFD section page 101 The Strategic Report and the audited financial energy consumption and energy statements are presented on pages 1 - 48 and from efficiency action page 120, respectively. The Governance report on 
Long-term incentive schemes Directors’ pages 49 - 100 comprises the Directors’ report. 
remuneration report 
The following disclosures required to be contained in page 82 
the Directors’ report under the Companies Act 2006 
and related regulations, or required to be contained in 
the annual report under Listing Rule 9.8.4, are set out 
on the pages referred to below and incorporated by 
reference into this Directors’ report: 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 97 
 
          
         
        
           
         
       
          
          
        
           
        
          
          
        
         
        
        
      
 
        
   
         
          
           
       
          
          
        
         
        
      
        
          
         
         
         
       
   
 
         
       
          
        
        
        
         
        
   
 
        
         
           
          
         
        
        
       
         
      
         
         
          
        
         
       
       
      
        
      
      
      
        
         
      
         
        
      
          
        
    
         
       
          
        
         
         
        
     
         
       
       
          
          
        
        
         
       
         
          
       
        
       
        
       
       
        
     
      
 
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Other statutory information continued 
Political donations 
Our policy is not to make donations to political parties 
or to independent election candidates and we will not 
do so without specific endorsement from our AMs. 
We confirm that we do not believe that we have 
made any political donations, nor incurred any political 
expenditure within the definition contained in s364 
of the Companies Act 2006 (as amended) (the Act), 
during 2022. As the broad definitions used in the Act 
make it possible for the normal business activities 
of the Company, which might not be thought of 
as political expenditure or donations to political 
organisations in the usual sense, to be caught, we will 
again be proposing a resolution at our 2023 AGM to 
authorise the Group to make political donations, given 
the wide definition in s364 of what constitutes a 
political donation. This is in accordance with best 
practice for listed companies. We have no intention 
of making use of this resolution. 
Branches 
The Company has an inactive branch in Cyprus. 
Articles of Association 
The Company is limited by guarantee and has no 
share capital nor any traded securities. Each of the 
AMs has one vote on business at general meetings. The 
Company’s Articles of Association require all Directors 
to be AMs. The Directors have the authority to exercise 
all the powers of the Company. A Director may be 
appointed by ordinary resolution of the AMs or by 
a decision of the Directors. All Directors must offer 
themselves for election or re-election at each AGM. 
A Director’s appointment ceases upon: resignation, 
prohibition from being a director by law, bankruptcy, 
ceasing to be an AM, incapacity or being removed from 
a medical register if a qualified medical practitioner, a 
written request from at least three-quarters of the other 
Directors, by Board resolution if the Director has missed 
four consecutive meetings, or by ordinary resolution 
given on special notice. 
Going concern 
The Directors confirm that they are satisfied that the 
Company and the Group have adequate resources 
to continue in operation for the next 12 months. 
Accordingly, they continue to adopt the going concern 
basis in preparing the financial statements. The going 
concern assessment in Note 1: Basis of Preparation 
on page 126 includes information on the Directors’ 
detailed assessment of the Group’s status as a 
going concern. 
Longer-term viability 
Our Directors have examined the outlook for the 
Company and the Group as required by provision 31 
of the Code, assessing our ability to operate and meet 
our liabilities as they fall due over a three-year period. 
Our 3x6 strategy introduced in 2021 is the driving 
force behind our transformation agenda and planning 
process. We chose a three-year assessment period for 
the longer-term viability assessment because it ties 
in with our internal planning process. Our planning 
considers all important financial and regulatory 
measures over the period and stresses the key risks 
facing individual Business Units, as well as global risks 
that could impact Bupa as a whole. We considered a 
number of reasonably plausible severe scenarios as well 
as contingent liabilities. This included a broad range of 
potential adverse outcomes from the Chile Supreme 
Court judgment described on page 11, including 
scenarios that considered materially worse outcomes 
than the Solvency II capital allocated against the 
contingency given the inherent uncertainty surrounding 
the implementation of the Supreme Court judgement. 
Other scenarios considered included a group-wide 
assessment of a worsening of the global inflationary 
outlook driven by strong wage inflation leading to a 
wage-price inflation spiral and subsequent recession, 
and a variety of local scenarios developed by each 
Business Unit with the majority focusing on strategic 
workforce-related risks impacting either the availability 
or cost of staff. This process shows the Group remains 
robust over the current three-year plan period, even 
under the stressed scenarios examined. 
We also conduct ‘reverse stress testing’ at the Group 
level which aims to identify hypothetical circumstances 
that might result in our business model failing and helps 
our Directors to better understand the Group’s risks. 
The Group remains most exposed to failure through a 
lack of liquidity at the Group centre although multiple 
improbable events are required to induce failure before 
management actions in the timeframe considered. 
As part of their assessment of our viability, the 
Directors looked at our financial performance, capital 
management, cash flow, solvency and future outlook. 
Bupa is well capitalised and is expected to remain so 
over the plan period. The liquidity position of the Group 
is expected to remain strong across the three-year 
period. The forecast assumes that the remaining £250m 
portion of the subordinated bond maturing in 2023 is 
repaid from available liquidity. The forecast also 
assumes that a £300m senior bond maturing in 2024 
is refinanced with a similar instrument upon or before 
maturity. While this provides some uncertainty, Bupa’s 
strong ratings and proven access to bond markets 
provide considerable comfort. Under the most severe 
economic scenarios considered as part of our stress 
testing, the forecast liquidity position reduces and 
further management actions would be required to 
remain within the Group’s liquidity appetite by 2024. 
Management actions include reducing expenditure, 
obtaining additional funding or divesting investments 
or businesses. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 98 
      
       
      
        
          
         
          
          
       
         
        
       
   
         
         
          
       
      
         
             
        
       
        
         
          
     
      
      
        
       
         
       
          
      
        
     
          
       
         
         
       
   
    
        
        
      
       
        
        
          
      
     
      
         
        
             
          
          
      
    
       
  
       
   
       
    
  
       
       
        
          
         
     
       
        
       
        
         
         
         
        
       
         
        
        
            
 
        
         
      
        
       
       
        
        
       
          
    
      
        
      
      
        
 
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Other statutory information continued 
Our most recent ORSA, which brings together 
the outcomes of risk management and financial 
management processes, considers the level of 
regulatory capital we require to remain financially stable 
over the planning period given the nature of the risks 
we currently face, our strategy and our risk appetite. 
It takes into account the quantification of the Group’s 
current risks as defined by the Solvency II Directive and 
considers the impact of potential stressed scenarios 
which are aligned with our risk profile. This assessment 
concluded that we expect to have sufficient capital 
assets to continue to meet regulatory requirements 
over a three-year period. 
Although Bupa pays interest on its borrowings, it has 
no shareholders and there are therefore no dividends 
to pay. Instead, we can invest in growing organically 
and through acquisition. This expenditure is largely 
discretionary and can be reduced if required. 
Following a review of the key risks and uncertainties 
set out in the Risk section on pages 42 to 48, the 
Directors are satisfied that we have appropriate risk 
management and governance procedures in place to 
manage and mitigate these risks over the three-year 
period. We also identify and report on emerging risks 
to ensure that they are properly understood and are 
considered in our future strategic decisions. 
The Directors’ assessment considered both current 
expectations, and reasonably plausible severe scenarios, 
including those arising from the potential impacts of 
significant global economic uncertainty on the Group. 
While continuing uncertainty exists as a result of the 
economic aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic, which 
has been exacerbated by the effects of the war in 
Ukraine, the Group’s diversified business model 
continues to support the viability of the Group 
over the period considered. 
Based on this analysis and our regular risk and capital 
reporting processes, the Directors have a reasonable 
expectation that Bupa will be able to continue in 
operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due 
throughout the three-year planning period up to 
31 December 2024. 
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 
The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual 
Report and Accounts and the Group and Parent 
Company financial statements, in accordance with 
applicable law and regulations. Company law requires 
the Directors to prepare Group and Parent Company 
financial statements for each financial year. Under that 
law they have elected to prepare the Group and the 
Parent Company financial statements in accordance 
with UK-adopted international accounting standards 
in conformity with the Act. 
Under company law the Directors must not approve the 
financial statements unless they are satisfied that they 
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the 
Group and Parent Company and of their profit or loss 
for that period. In preparing each of the Group and 
Parent Company financial statements, the Directors 
are required to: 
▪ Select suitable accounting policies and then apply 
them consistently 
▪ Make judgements and estimates that are reasonable, 
relevant, and reliable 
▪ State whether they have been prepared in 
accordance with UK-adopted international 
accounting standards 
▪ Assess the Group and Parent Company’s ability 
to continue as a going concern 
▪ Use the going concern basis of accounting unless 
they either intend to liquidate the Group or the Parent 
Company or to cease operations or have no realistic 
alternative but to do so. 
The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate 
accounting records that are sufficient to show and 
explain the Parent Company’s transactions and disclose 
with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial 
position of the Parent Company and enable them to 
ensure that its financial statements comply with the Act. 
They are responsible for such internal control as they 
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of 
financial statements that are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have 
general responsibility for taking such steps as are 
reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets 
of the Group and to prevent and detect fraud and 
other irregularities. 
The Directors consider that the Annual Report and 
financial statements taken as a whole are fair, balanced 
and understandable, and provide the information 
necessary for AMs to assess the Group’s position 
and performance, business model and strategy. 
The Directors have decided to prepare, voluntarily, 
a Directors’ remuneration report in accordance with 
Schedule 8 to The Large and Medium-Sized Companies 
and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 
made under the Act, as if those requirements were to 
apply to the Company. 
The Directors are responsible for the maintenance 
and integrity of the corporate and financial information 
included on the Company’s website. Legislation in 
the UK governing the preparation and dissemination 
of financial statements may differ from legislation in 
other jurisdictions. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 99 
        
          
     
     
        
          
          
     
  
         
       
        
        
       
    
     
   
          
            
         
        
          
          
         
        
 
   
      
          
   
     
  
  
  
  
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Other statutory information continued 
Each of the current Directors, whose names and 
positions are set out on pages 59 to 62, confirm that 
to the best of their knowledge: 
▪ The financial statements, prepared in accordance 
with the applicable set of accounting standards, give 
a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial 
position and profit or loss of the Company and the 
undertakings included in the consolidation taken 
as a whole. 
▪ The Strategic Report includes a fair review of the 
development and performance of the business and 
the position of the Company and the undertakings 
included in the consolidation taken as a whole, 
together with a description of the principal risks 
and uncertainties that they face. 
Disclosure of information to the 
External Auditor 
The Directors who held office at the date of approval 
of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are 
each aware, there is no relevant audit information of 
which the Company’s External Auditor is unaware; and 
each Director has taken all the steps which they ought 
to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware 
of any relevant audit information, and to establish that 
the Company’s External Auditor is aware of that 
information. 
External Auditor re-appointment 
A resolution to re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
as External Auditor will be put to the forthcoming AGM 
of the Company. 
By order of the Board. 
Colin Campbell 
Group Company Secretary 
1 March 2023 
Company number: 432511 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 100 
                      
                  
                
                 
                 
      
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
           
          
 
               
           
            
           
          
            
          
             
         
            
         
 
           
              
              
            
            
   
            
          
              
         
          
         
          
            
         
          
       
          
         
   
           
             
          
             
        
          
           
           
    
   
   
   
    
 
   
  
  
  
 
   
    
   
   
    
 
   
     
 
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
 
   
    
  
   
 
          
          
   
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
We know that to be a viable business built for the future economy, we need to be equipped to identify and act 
on the climate risks and opportunities within our business. We are demonstrating our climate goals through: our 
science-based targets, our ambition to become a net zero business by 2040, implementing our wider sustainability 
strategy (see page 22-23 for more details on the strategy), and by transforming our business to embed 
sustainability into all decision-making. We will continue to develop the detail of our TCFD disclosures as we 
complete further analysis and strengthen our approach. 
TCFD 
recommendation Details and our progress in 2022 Where can I find out more? 
Governance 
A. Describe the 
Board’s 
oversight of 
climate-
related risks 
and 
opportunities 
B. Describe 
management’s 
role in 
assessing and 
managing 
climate-
related risks 
and 
opportunities 
A. The Board has overall responsibility for oversight of climate-related risks and 
opportunities but delegates more detailed oversight to its Committees as 
appropriate. 
As noted in the Board of Directors section on page 61, Pia Heidenmark Cook was 
appointed as a Non-Executive Director in 2022. Pia brings considerable corporate 
ESG and sustainability expertise to support with the Board's effective oversight of 
climate-related risks and opportunities. Additionally, as detailed on page 22, we 
delivered two Board upskilling sessions as part of our Sustainability Academy. 
In 2022, the Board approved our new sustainability strategy, recommended by the 
Board Sustainability Committee (BSC). The sustainability strategy sets out our 
mission to build a healthier future for people and the planet, which also 
incorporates our ambition to be net zero by 2040. 
The Board approved a revised Enterprise Sustainability Policy to align with the 
sustainability strategy and ensures Market Unit level governance over 
sustainability issues. 
The Board reviewed and approved our Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Report 
for 2021 covering scope 1, 2 and selected scope 3 categories and includes GHG 
emissions data for 2019, 2020 and 2021. The Board was supported by the Audit 
Committee and BSC in reviewing this report. The Audit Committee also had 
oversight over the external limited assurance performed by PwC of our 2021 
GHG emissions footprint. 
The Risk Committee (RC) and the BSC have defined responsibilities within their 
Terms of Reference relating to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG). 
The RC has oversight of climate-related risks and is aware of how climate 
change may impact our different business lines and geographies. 
B. The Chief Executive Committee (CEC) is accountable for the executive 
leadership, and execution of Bupa’s sustainability strategy, including our 
net zero ambition and supporting science-based targets. The Sustainability 
Steering Committee is accountable to the CEC for driving delivery of the 
sustainability strategy. The Committee meets monthly to assess performance 
against deliverables and ensure that risks are being identified and 
appropriately managed. The updated Enterprise Sustainability Policy 
referenced above articulates management’s role in supporting the delivery of 
our sustainability strategy including in assessing and managing climate-related 
risks and opportunities. 
The Bupa Enterprise Risk Committee (BERC), which is responsible for the 
leadership and oversight of risk across the Group, along with some of its sub-
committees, also oversees the management of climate-related risks across the 
Group (e.g., how Bupa’s risk profile may be impacted by climate change, the 
results of global scenario analyses, mitigations and disclosures). 
Climate-related risks are also considered by first-line fora which are sub-
committees of the BERC; for example, the Corporate Finance Executive and 
Solvency & Capital Committees consider the potential for risks from investment 
portfolio and regulatory capital perspectives. 
More details on 
sustainability and ESG 
governance can be 
found on page 24 
For more 
information on our 
sustainability strategy 
see page 22-23 
The Board 
Sustainability 
Committee’s report can 
be found on page 79 
Our 2021 Greenhouse 
Gas Emissions Report 
can be found on 
Bupa.com here 
The Audit Committee’s 
report can be found on 
page 67 
The Risk Committee’s 
report can be found 
on page 73 
More details on 
management’s role can 
be found on page 56 
More details on our 
climate-related 
remuneration can be 
found in the metrics 
and targets section 
of this TCFD table 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 101 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
             
          
               
                
           
             
          
         
             
         
      
            
   
         
           
        
       
           
             
 
           
 
             
           
              
           
              
      
             
            
              
           
           
            
              
           
         
            
           
                
              
            
            
   
   
   
  
    
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
  
   
   
    
 
   
   
  
  
   
    
   
    
   
    
   
    
 
   
    
    
   
   
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
          
          
   
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued 
TCFD 
recommendation Details and our progress in 2022 Where can I find out more? 
Strategy 
A. Describe 
the climate-
related 
risks and 
opportunities 
the 
organisation 
has identified 
over the short, 
medium and 
long term 
A. Climate change – due to its pervasive and cross-cutting nature – has the 
potential to affect our existing significant risks (e.g. Property, Insurance). 
We have identified which of our significant risks may be affected – or 'driven' 
– in part by climate change over the short, medium and long term. In line with 
the TCFD recommendations, we present the relevant risk drivers across two 
different types – Transition (i.e. risks resulting from the transition to a lower 
carbon economy), and Physical (i.e. risks resulting from short-term changes 
in weather patterns and long-term changes in climate). 
As detailed in the Financial risks associated with climate change table on page 
46-47, the most relevant transition risk drivers relate to: 
▪ Legal and regulatory changes (short term); 
▪ Reputational risks associated with meeting – or failing to meet – enhanced 
stakeholder expectations (short term); 
▪ Changes in market conditions impacting asset valuations (e.g. property 
portfolio, and investments such as sovereign and corporate bonds) and the 
affordability of our products and services (medium term). 
The main physical risk drivers relate to: 
▪ Physical risk drivers (such as heatwaves and flooding) which could result 
in business disruption, but also could be a factor in property valuations 
(medium term); 
▪ Impacts to healthcare needs of our insurance customers (i.e. ‘One Health’) 
(long term). 
A key opportunity associated with climate change relates to a shift in consumer 
preference for low carbon products and services. As the economy transitions 
to low carbon this will create opportunities for new corporate and small and 
medium enterprises (SMEs) to provide alternative services which could have a 
positive impact on revenue, particularly if we are seen to be a strong advocate 
for positive actions on climate change. 
Additionally, as noted on page 22, in 2021 we carried out a sustainability 
materiality assessment to identify the most material ESG topics for the company, 
assessed in terms of potential impact to the business, either as a risk or 
opportunity, and which matter most to our internal and external stakeholders. 
Climate change and ‘One Health’, referring to the intersection between people 
and planet health, were identified within the top five most strategically important 
ESG topics. As climate change is a health concern as well as an environmental 
risk, continued intensification of climate change is projected to increase the 
prevalence of respiratory disease and allergies, cardiovascular disease, mental 
health conditions, infectious disease and skin cancer among others. Due to the 
nature of these conditions, another opportunity Bupa has identified is looking 
at how to adapt its products to be able to continue 'helping people live longer, 
healthier, happier lives and making a better world' in line with our purpose. In 
2023 we will be initiating a more detailed assessment of the climate-related 
opportunities that exist for our business over the short, medium and long term. 
For more information 
on our sustainability 
strategy, see page 
22-23 
For further details 
on the impact on 
products and services, 
see Mission Zero 
update on page 27 
For further details 
on the impact on 
access to capital, 
see Mission Zero 
update on page 25 
For further details on 
our decarbonisation 
planning and transition 
plan development, see 
Mission Zero update on 
page 25 
For more information 
on our sustainability 
materiality assessment, 
see Bupa.com here 
The potential impacts 
of climate change on 
Bupa’s significant risks 
are described in the 
Risk section pages 
46-47 
For further details on 
our scenario analysis, 
see the Risk section 
page 48 
For more information 
on delivery of Board 
training, see the Board 
training and knowledge 
building section on 
page 52 
More information 
on our sustainable 
procurement approach 
can be found on 
page 32 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 102 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
              
          
           
            
               
          
           
            
           
            
            
      
              
            
         
              
          
           
          
         
          
           
           
         
           
            
            
             
          
          
              
            
          
          
      
      
          
            
          
          
            
             
           
              
          
            
              
     
           
           
             
            
              
        
             
          
          
           
         
           
         
             
 
 
          
          
   
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued 
TCFD 
recommendation Details and our progress in 2022 Where can I find out more? 
Strategy B. (i) Our purpose outlined above and on page 8 demonstrates that, as a 
continued healthcare company, we are particularly aware of the inextricable link 
B. Describe the between the health of the planet, climate change, human health and 
impact of 
climate risks 
healthcare. The addition of ‘and making a better world’ to our purpose, 
in 2021, establishes the broader role we expect to play in the health of 
and our people and planet and in how we deliver healthcare. 
opportunities 
on the 
organisation’s 
business, 
strategy and 
planning 
(ii) Sustainability is a strategic pillar of our 3x6 strategy. Our sustainability 
strategy was developed to provide a framework for the business to focus 
investment and accelerate action where the business can have the greatest 
impact, at the intersection of climate and health, recognising that to look 
after people’s health means looking after the health of the planet too. 
See page 22 for more information. 
(iii) As reported on page 24 as part of our Mission Zero update, we have 
committed to become a net zero business by 2040, underpinned by our 
1.5°C aligned science-based targets, and demonstrated via our membership 
of the UN-backed Race to Zero campaign. To date, scope 1 and 2 priorities 
have been integrated into three year business planning cycles. These, 
alongside wider net zero priorities, will be further integrated into business 
and financial decision-making in 2023, to ensure that the necessary 
decarbonisation initiatives, aligned to meeting these targets, are prioritised 
and funded. This transition will be further enabled through leadership 
engagement and training across the organisation. As detailed on page 22, 
in 2022 we launched the Sustainability Academy within Bupa, starting with 
upskilling leadership and priority functions on climate-related issues. In 
addition to developing the Academy curriculum for all employees in 2023, 
we will also focus on maturing our approach to research, collaboration and 
innovation as part of the delivery of our sustainability strategy and net 
zero by 2040 target. As mentioned above, in 2023 we will be undertaking 
a more detailed assessment of the climate-related risks and opportunities, 
as well as their impact on our business, strategy and planning. 
We have begun a property climate risk assessment of all our sites, starting in 
the UK, and are developing a property climate change risk register. Our 
assessment applies the methodology introduced by the UK Green Building’s 
Council (UKGBC) in their ‘Framework for Measuring and Reporting of Climate-
related Physical Risks to Built Assets’ (https://www.ukgbc.org/ukgbc-work/ 
measuring-and-reporting-framework/). It assesses site-level exposure against 
several risk categories: flooding, drought, air pollution, extreme weather, fire. 
At present we are collating data via desk-based research and literature, in 
conjunction with input from property management teams, to begin mapping 
the risk categories against likelihood (or probability per UKGBC terminology) 
and severity of impact. We have aligned classification to Bupa’s likelihood and 
severity risk reporting classification so that we can use the risk register for 
TCFD and property risk reporting purposes. Once we have visibility of 
likelihood and severity of risks per category on a site level across the UK 
portfolio we will be able to carry out an impact assessment. 
We have also set up a Climate-related Guidance Working Group to address 
some of the identified physical risks, more details on which can be seen in 
the risk management section below. 
We aim to improve our understanding of any material risk concentrations 
within our supply chain throughout 2023. What we do understand, however, 
is that approximately 98% of our company emissions are scope 3, and 
procurement of goods and services is one of the top three contributing 
categories to those scope 3 emissions. As such, we have worked to develop a 
procurement sustainability programme and supplier engagement strategy that 
seeks to directly address emissions and reduce exposure to climate risk in our 
supply chain, thereby contributing towards an economy-wide transition to net 
zero. The programme and strategy includes assessing supplier alignment to 
Bupa’s targets and ambitions, and setting of targets to improve alignment 
rates. This supplier engagement will aid understanding of sector-specific 
challenges and help us collaborate to work towards addressing them. In 
addition, complementary regulatory guidelines have led to increased focus 
on business continuity (in event of a disaster) and even stressed exits 
from suppliers. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 103 
 
  
 
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
          
            
             
    
          
         
            
            
          
            
    
             
            
      
         
        
          
      
           
           
            
          
             
          
          
              
           
       
             
            
            
       
             
  
             
            
             
          
 
          
          
   
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued 
TCFD 
recommendation Details and our progress in 2022 Where can I find out more? 
Strategy 
continued 
C. Describe the 
resilience 
of the 
organisation’s 
strategy 
taking into 
consideration 
different 
climate 
related 
scenarios, 
including a 
2ºC or lower 
scenario 
C. We have incorporated climate-change related financial stress testing into our 
stress testing programme and will continue to enhance our approach to stress 
testing in the coming years, including expanding the range of stress tests and 
scenario analysis performed. To date: 
▪ Bupa has utilised two scenarios from the Prudential Regulation Authority 
(PRA) Climate Biennial Exploratory Scenario (CBES) (although Bupa was 
not formally invited to participate) to help explore the possible impacts 
to the Group balance sheet from climate change over a 30-year horizon: 
▪ ‘Late Action’: a ~2°C, disorderly transition scenario, achieving net zero 
by 2050 (comparable to the Network for Greening the Finance System 
(NGFS) Disorderly scenario), and 
▪ ‘No Additional Action’: a 4.1°C scenario with high physical risk due to a 
lack of transition (comparable to the NGFS Hot House World and the 
Representative Scenario Pathway (RCP) 8.5 scenarios). 
▪ The scenarios analysed the potential property-related financial impacts from 
devaluations, increased adaptation costs, and increased insurance premiums. 
The scenarios also analysed the potential impacts on our investment 
portfolio and the value of Bupa’s debt. 
▪ Our 2022 Stress and Scenario Testing programme (SST) also included a 
range of Global and local (i.e. Business Unit) scenarios, analysing impacts 
from a broader range of sensitivities which could be driven by climate 
change (although not exclusively), such as global inflation to insurance 
claims and expenses (could be driven by an energy price shock or carbon 
pricing), and local Business Unit level scenarios modelled potential impacts 
driven by strategic workforce risks, supply chain disruption and regulatory 
changes. 
▪ The results of our scenario analysis to date, based on the scope of our 
financial analysis as described above, suggest that our strategy is resilient 
to the financial risks from climate change. 
▪ In 2023 we will continue to evolve our approach to scenario analysis and 
will broaden our scenario analysis to better understand how climate change 
could impact our health insurance business, and to help identify how climate 
risk will impact our supplies and supply chains. 
We continue to evolve and mature our climate scenario analysis along with our 
disclosure approach. 
The global scope 1 and 2 decarbonisation roadmap referenced on page 25 will 
also take into consideration scenarios that model energy price volatility and 
future viability of new technologies, allowing us to accurately identify the best 
adaptation and mitigation options for our different sites in different geographies. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 104 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
             
            
           
             
          
          
           
            
        
          
   
            
            
          
          
          
             
            
        
     
         
          
        
         
         
           
         
          
           
     
         
           
               
           
     
          
           
            
        
        
          
           
            
           
 
   
   
  
  
    
   
 
  
   
    
    
  
  
 
  
   
  
     
  
 
 
          
          
   
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued 
TCFD 
recommendation Details and our progress in 2022 Where can I find out more? 
Risk 
management 
A. Describe the 
organisation’s 
processes for 
identifying 
and assessing 
climate-
related risks 
B. Describe the 
organisation’s 
processes for 
managing 
climate-
related risks 
C. Describe how 
processes for 
identifying, 
assessing and 
managing 
climate-
related risks 
are 
integrated 
into the 
organisation’s 
overall risk 
management 
A. We have identified which of our significant risks may be affected by climate 
change, and defined our approach to managing these risks. The pervasive and 
cross-cutting nature of climate change means that physical changes in the 
climate and the transition to a low carbon economy could drive the emergence 
and/or development of risks across our Finance, Insurance, Customer, Clinical 
Governance, Health & Safety, Strategic and Operational risk categories. Bupa’s 
existing risk categories provide the structure within which risk assessments can 
be recorded and assessed in our risk management systems and reported from 
across our businesses and Market Units. In addition: 
(i) The existing horizon scanning processes include consideration of ESG and 
climate-related risk developments internationally 
(ii) Stress and scenario testing (SST) helps us to explore the possible impacts 
of climate change on areas of our balance sheet, e.g. valuation of 
properties. 
B. Developments in our approach to managing climate-related risks in 2022 
include: 
(i) Property climate risk assessments have commenced for all sites, starting 
in the UK (refer to above section for more information). 
(ii) Climate targets and limits were agreed in 2021, as part of our approach 
to Responsible Investment. In 2022 we took action to reduce portfolio 
emissions, embedding targets within investment strategies and reducing 
exposure to higher carbon intensity issuers. 
(iii) The new Enterprise Sustainability Policy, referenced in the TCFD 
Governance section, will continue to be embedded in 2023, through 
the deployment of controls and continuous monitoring standards. 
(iv) The Climate-related Guidance Working Group is a global, cross-functional 
working group which develops thematic, risk-based, practical guidance to 
improve resilience to the physical impacts of climate change. This Working 
Group aims to complement existing business continuity and clinical 
guidance by bringing a thematic focus on physical climate risk 
considerations (e.g. in 2022 it finalised its aged care heatwave guidance 
which shares good practice across Bupa). 
(v) The sustainability strategy, specifically the Mission Zero pillar, supports 
the consideration and management of the risks climate change poses 
to Bupa but also the risk Bupa operations pose to the climate and wider 
environment. In addition, our BSC advises the Board and Executive on 
environment and climate change risk. 
C. We continue to integrate climate risk management into our existing Group-
wide Risk Management Framework (RMF) which sets out how we identify, 
assess, manage and report on risks. We will continue to ensure that climate-
related risks are considered appropriately throughout our governance 
arrangements, including the policy framework and management committees’ 
responsibilities. We also continue to reflect on changes in regulatory 
expectations (e.g. from the PRA) while embedding climate risk through the 
RMF. The Group Risk Function is responsible for the oversight of identification 
and management of financial, and other, risks from climate change throughout 
the Group. 
For more information 
on our risk 
identification, risk 
management culture 
and controls, see the 
Bupa's system of 
governance section 
on page 63 
For details on which 
of our significant risks 
may be affected by 
climate change, see 
the Risk section 
pages 46-47 
For further details 
on our Responsible 
investment approach, 
see page 32 and the 
Responsible Investment 
statement here 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 105 
 
 
          
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
   
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
              
          
         
        
           
               
         
          
            
             
  
            
             
           
      
              
                 
            
               
    
             
          
          
            
             
            
           
            
        
   
  
   
  
     
  
 
    
 
  
  
 
  
   
   
   
    
  
    
 
  
  
   
   
          
   
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) continued 
TCFD 
Recommendation Details and Our Progress in 2022 Where can I find out more? 
Metrics and 
targets 
A. Disclose t he 
metrics used 
by the 
organisation 
to assess 
climate-
related risk 
and 
opportunities 
in line with its 
strategy and 
risk 
management 
process 
B. Disclose 
scop
e 1, scope 
2 and, if 
appropriate, 
scope 3 
greenhouse 
gas emissions 
and the 
related risks 
C. Describe t he 
targets used 
by the 
organisation 
to manage 
climate-
related risks 
and 
opportunities 
and 
performance 
against 
targets 
A. We use a range of metrics to measure and track our progress against key 
climate targets. These include year-on-year location and market-based scope 1 
and 2 absolute carbon reduction, business travel emissions, customer-based, 
revenue-based and average employee-based carbon intensity metrics, and 
the temperature alignment and carbon intensity of our investment portfolio. 
We also  measure our scope 3 GHG emissions data and intend to publish it on 
Bupa.com in d ue course. We include climate-related performance measures 
within the Strategic Performance Plan (SPP), Bupa’s long-term incentive plan 
for senior leaders and Executive Directors. In 2022, our incentive scheme was 
linked directly to our scope 1 and 2 carbon reduction performance, at a 
weighting of 15%. 
As d etailed in the Strategy section above, we are developing a property 
Climate Change Risk Register. Once this work is complete, we will be able 
to better define any climate-related metrics and aggregated risk exposure 
to weather-related catastrophes of our property. 
B. We d isclose our 2022 scope 1, 2 and scope 3 business travel GHG emissions 
for the Group and UK operations on page 26. The  Group's scope 1 and 2 and 
selected scope 3 GHG emissions will be subject to external limited assurance 
later in 2023. We aim to disclose our other scope 3 value chain GHG emissions 
in due course on Bupa.com. 
C. Bupa’s amb ition to be net zero by 2040 is underpinned by 1.5°C aligned 
science-based targets across all three emission scopes, including a separate 
1.5°C temperature alignment target for our investments. These targets have 
been validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). We are also 
defining further metrics for each of the three pillars of our new sustainability 
strategy, which will help drive progress against our net zero ambition, including 
KPIs focused on: transforming our products and services, and developing new 
ones, to support our customers’ health while also delivering more efficient and 
sustainable healthcare; and championing circularity, reducing waste and 
increasing re-use of materials. 
For further details 
on our Responsible 
investment approach, 
see page 32 and the 
Responsible Investment 
statement here 
For detail on targets 
and timeframes, 
see Bupa.com here 
Our Directors' 
remuneration 
disclosure can be 
seen on page 82 
Our GHG emissions 
reporting criteria for 
scope 1&2 and selected 
scope 3 categories 
can be found on 
Bupa.com here 
Information on our 
GHG emissions 
performance can be 
found on pages 25-27 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 106 
   
         
        
            
    
       
   
    
     
  
       
   
  
  
   
           
   
     
  
     
     
       
      
  
   
     
    
   
     
   
      
    
      
   
     
   
    
     
   
  
    
 
   
   
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
  
     
 
    
   
  
   
    
     
     
   
     
     
   
   
   
   
   
  
         
  
      
  
 
     
     
       
  
  
          
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
In this section 
Financial Statements 
108 Independent auditors' report 
120 Consolidated Income Statement 
121 Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income 
122 Consolidated Statement of 
Financial Position 
123 Consolidated Statement of 
Cash Flows 
124 Consolidated Statement of 
Changes in Equity 
126 Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
126 1. Basis of preparation 
132 2. Operating segments 
135 2.1 Revenues 
138 2.2 Insurance claims 
139 2.3 Other operating expenses 
140 2.4 Other income and charges 
141 2.5 Financial income and expense 
142 2.6 Taxation expense 
144 3. Goodwill and intangible assets 
149 4. Property, plant and equipment 
152 5. Investment property 
153 6. Equity-accounted investments 
155 7. Post-employment benefits 
160 8. Restricted assets 
160 9. Financial investments 
164 10. Derivatives 
165 11. Deferred taxation assets and 
liabilities 
167 12. Assets arising from insurance 
business 
168 13. Inventories 
168 14. Trade and other receivables 
169 15. Cash and cash equivalents 
170 16. Assets and liabilities held for 
sale 
171 17. Borrowings 
173 18. Leases 
174 19. Provisions arising from 
insurance contracts and other 
liabilities arising from 
insurance business 
178 20. Provisions for liabilities and 
charges 
179 21. Trade and other payables 
180 22. Restricted Tier 1 (RT1) notes 
181 23. Non-controlling interests 
181 24. Business combinations and 
disposals 
183 25. Capital management 
184 26. Risk management 
195 27. Related party transactions 
196 28. Commitments and 
contingencies 
197 Statement of Financial Position 
of the Company 
198 Income Statement and Statement 
of Comprehensive Income of the 
Company 
199 Statement of Cash Flows of the 
Company 
200 Statement of Changes in Equity 
of the Company 
201 A. Intangible assets 
201 B. Property, plant and equipment 
202 C. Investment in subsidiaries 
202 D. Post-employment benefits 
204 E. Trade and other receivables 
204 F. Lease liabilities 
204 G. Provisions for liabilities and 
charges 
205 H. Deferred taxation assets and 
liabilities 
206 I. Trade and other payables 
206 J. Risk management 
206 K. Related party transactions 
207 L. Commitments, guarantees and 
contingencies 
208 Related undertakings 
220 Five-year financial summary 
(unaudited) 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 107 
      
 
        
      
    
            
         
           
       
      
     
        
   
       
     
       
       
      
        
      
      
       
         
         
       
 
        
 
  
       
       
        
       
           
         
       
   
        
         
         
        
         
      
          
        
   
         
       
       
  
       
       
        
        
        
        
        
          
       
       
        
         
        
         
         
        
           
        
        
          
        
         
       
       
       
       
          
          
          
        
      
         
       
       
       
 
 
        
       
       
     
       
        
        
  
         
  
       
       
         
   
          
      
     
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Independent auditors’ report to the members of 
The British United Provident Association Limited 
Report on the audit of the 
financial statements 
Opinion 
In our opinion, The British United Provident Association 
Limited’s Group financial statements and Company 
financial statements (the “financial statements”): 
▪ give a true and fair view of the state of the Group’s 
and of the Company’s affairs as at 31 December 
2022 and of the Group’s loss and the Group’s and 
Company’s cash flows for the year then ended; 
▪ have been properly prepared in accordance with 
UK-adopted international accounting standards as 
applied in accordance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act 2006; and 
▪ have been prepared in accordance with the 
requirements of the Companies Act 2006. 
We have audited the financial statements, included 
within the Annual Report, which comprise: the 
Consolidated and Company Statements of Financial 
Position as at 31 December 2022; the Consolidated 
Income Statement and Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income; the Consolidated and Company 
Statements of Cash Flows; the Consolidated and 
Company Statements of Changes in Equity for the year 
then ended; and the notes to the financial statements, 
which include a description of the significant 
accounting policies. 
Our opinion is consistent with our reporting to the 
Audit Committee. 
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) 
and applicable law. Our responsibilities under ISAs (UK) 
are further described in the Auditors’ responsibilities 
for the audit of the financial statements section of our 
report. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our opinion. 
Independence 
We remained independent of the Group in accordance 
with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our 
audit of the financial statements in the UK, which 
includes the FRC’s Ethical Standard, as applicable to 
public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements. 
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare 
that non-audit services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical 
Standard were not provided. 
Other than those disclosed in Note 2.3.3, we have 
provided no non-audit services to the Company or 
its controlled undertakings in the period under audit. 
Our audit approach 
Context 
Bupa is an international healthcare group, providing 
health insurance, health provision and aged care 
services. The Group operates from a significant number 
of locations globally and has four reportable segments: 
Bupa Asia Pacific; Europe and Latin America; Bupa 
Global and UK; and Other businesses, which includes 
investments in associates. In planning for our audit, 
we met with the Audit Committee and members of 
management across the Group to discuss and 
understand the businesses and any significant changes 
during the year, and to understand their perspectives 
on associated business risks. We used this insight, in 
addition to our understanding of the previous year's 
audit, when forming our own views regarding the audit 
risks and as part of developing our planned audit 
approach to address those risks. Given the activities 
of the Group, we have teams with the relevant industry 
experience in all significant locations in which the 
Group operates. The COVID-19 pandemic has continued 
to have an impact on some of Bupa’s global operations 
throughout 2022. In planning our audit, we have 
considered the impact of the pandemic on the Group’s 
business and the financial statements. Where necessary, 
we have utilised virtual technologies and collaborative 
workflow tools to obtain sufficient, appropriate audit 
evidence whilst working in this hybrid environment. 
As the restrictions on travel have eased, we have 
met with a number of our component teams and 
local management in person to fulfil our ISA 600 
(UK) responsibilities. We have also considered the 
sustainability commitments made by the directors 
and considered the potential impact of climate change 
related factors in our audit, including challenging 
management on their assessment of how climate 
change related risks and opportunities impact the 
financial statements. 
Overview 
Audit scope 
▪ The Group has four reportable segments, in addition 
to the Group Centre activities. Each reportable 
segment includes a number of reporting components 
across different locations and service lines. 
▪ We conducted audit testing over 37 components. 
These were selected based on our assessment of 
inherent risk and their financial significance to the 
consolidated financial results. 
▪ 22 components were subject to an audit of their 
complete financial information. 
▪ Specific audit procedures were performed on certain 
balances and transactions for a further 15 
components. 
▪ Our audit scope provided coverage of 94% of IFRS 
Loss before taxation expense. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 108 
  
     
        
    
      
 
      
 
        
  
      
      
        
   
      
       
         
       
  
      
        
      
        
    
        
       
    
  
         
      
        
          
       
          
          
         
        
          
        
           
          
      
          
 
         
    
       
          
           
        
     
          
      
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Independent auditors’ report to the members of 
The British United Provident Association Limited 
continued 
Key audit matters 
▪ Goodwill impairment, including the allocation 
of impairment to goodwill and other intangible 
and tangible assets (Group) 
▪ Valuation of provisions arising from insurance 
contracts (Group) 
▪ Valuation of freehold property and investment 
property (Group) 
▪ Application of IAS 29 - financial reporting in 
hyperinflationary economies (Group) 
▪ Classification, recognition and disclosure of certain 
liabilities relating to Isapre Cruz Blanca (Group) 
▪ Valuation of equity impact from the transition to 
IFRS 17 (Group) 
▪ Valuation of defined benefit pension obligation 
(Company) 
Materiality 
▪ Overall Group materiality: £24.7 million (FY21: £21.2 
million) based on 5% of loss before taxation expense 
adjusted for certain non-recurring items (FY21: Profit 
before taxation expense). 
▪ Overall Company materiality: £8.5 million (FY21: 
£10.0 million) based on 1% of Total assets. 
▪ Performance materiality: £18.5 million (FY21: £15.9 
million) (Group) and £6.4 million (FY21: £7.5 million) 
(Company). 
The scope of our audit 
As part of designing our audit, we determined 
materiality and assessed the risks of material 
misstatement in the financial statements. 
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in the 
auditors’ professional judgement, were of most 
significance in the audit of the financial statements 
of the current period and include the most significant 
assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or 
not due to fraud) identified by the auditors, including 
those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit 
strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and 
directing the efforts of the engagement team. These 
matters, and any comments we make on the results of 
our procedures thereon, were addressed in the context 
of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and 
in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide 
a separate opinion on these matters. 
This is not a complete list of all risks identified by 
our audit. 
The application of IAS 29 - financial reporting in 
hyperinflationary economies; the classification, 
recognition and disclosure of certain liabilities relating 
to Isapre Cruz Blanca and the valuation of the equity 
impact from the transition to IFRS 17 are new key audit 
matters this year. Otherwise, the key audit matters 
below are consistent with last year. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 109 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
   
    
  
  
       
      
        
     
      
          
      
       
         
        
      
      
     
       
       
     
         
       
       
        
        
        
        
       
        
     
       
        
       
     
   
       
      
        
      
    
     
         
     
     
      
       
     
      
      
      
      
      
 
     
  
        
     
     
     
    
     
     
      
   
 
       
    
       
      
        
        
      
       
     
     
       
    
  
      
      
        
  
      
    
  
       
     
    
    
    
       
    
        
      
       
      
   
      
 
  
      
        
      
       
  
       
      
 
      
      
    
       
      
     
        
   
         
          
      
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Independent auditors’ report to the members of 
The British United Provident Association Limited 
continued 
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
Goodwill 
impairment, 
including the 
allocation of 
impairment to 
goodwill and 
other intangible 
and tangible 
assets (Group) 
Refer to Audit 
Committee 
Report and Note 
1.3 and 3 (for 
accounting policy 
and financial 
disclosures) 
Where an individual asset or Cash Generating 
Unit (“CGU”) has an indication of impairment, 
or for CGUs that have been allocated Goodwill 
(whether there are impairment indicators or 
not), these should be tested for impairment. 
An impairment review of a CGU covers all of its 
tangible assets, intangible assets and attributable 
goodwill. Where the recoverable amount of an 
individual asset or CGU is lower than the carrying 
value of a CGU, an impairment loss is recognised. 
Estimating and discounting the cash flow 
projections used in the impairment assessments 
requires significant judgement. The key 
assumptions vary by CGU and include the 
discount rate and the forecast cash flows, 
including the terminal growth rate. 
We identified four CGUs as having a higher risk 
of impairment, namely Bupa Dental Care UK, 
Bupa Care Services, Bupa Villages and Aged 
Care Australia and Bupa Chile and the valuation 
of the goodwill and intangible assets in these 
CGUs was an area of audit focus. As disclosed 
in Note 3 of the financial statements, significant 
impairments have been recognised in all four 
CGUs. 
▪ Bupa Dental Care UK – Goodwill £191m (2021: 
£467m), impairment loss recognised to 
Goodwill of £274m, to other intangible assets 
of £255m; and to other tangible assets of 
£117m; 
▪ Bupa Care Services – Goodwill £nil (2021: 
£90m), impairment loss recognised to 
Goodwill of £90m; 
▪ Bupa Chile – Goodwill £nil (2021: £130m), 
impairment loss recognised to Goodwill of 
£139m and to intangible assets of £22m; and 
▪ Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia– 
Goodwill £nil (2021: £99m), impairment 
loss recognised to Goodwill of £103m. 
For three of the CGUs, there is no identified 
goodwill remaining following the impairment 
testing performed, therefore, the valuation 
uncertainty is reduced, although there continues 
to be inherent uncertainty in estimating and 
discounting the cash flow projections. 
For the Bupa Dental Care UK goodwill, 
the inherent uncertainty in estimating and 
discounting the cash flow projections means 
there is a range of potential outcomes 
greater than our materiality from plausible 
alternative assumptions. 
Allocation of impairment in Bupa Dental 
Care UK CGU 
For the Bupa Dental Care UK CGU, the 
methodology and assumptions applied in 
performing the impairment assessment and 
subsequent allocation of the impairment 
between goodwill, intangible assets and 
tangible assets, is inherently complex. 
For goodwill and intangible asset impairment, 
we performed the following procedures over 
management’s impairment assessments: 
Discount rates 
▪ Used our valuation experts to assess the 
appropriateness of management’s methodology 
for computing the Weighted Average Cost of 
Capital used for discounting projected cash 
flows in the Value in Use calculations, including 
the change to using a spot rate approach. 
▪ Used our valuation experts to independently 
determine a reasonable range for the CGU 
discount rates, using external comparable 
market information where possible. Assessed 
whether the rates used by management were 
within our reasonable range. 
Model integrity 
▪ Verified the discounted cash flow models, 
including validating the numerical accuracy of 
the models and the application of the discount 
rates. 
Cash flows 
▪ Agreed cash flow forecasts to internal 
supporting documentation, including approved 
Business Plans. 
▪ Compared cash flow forecasts used in the 
review to historical performance and 
challenged management where forecasts 
indicated performance that deviated 
significantly from historical performance. 
▪ Challenged key assumptions in the cash flow 
projections, including expected occupancy 
rates in care homes, care minute rates in 
Australian care homes, dental clinician hours 
and retention rates and the terminal growth 
rates applied, and obtained supporting internal 
or external information. 
▪ Performed sensitivity analyses on the key 
assumptions. 
Allocation of impairment 
▪ Assessed whether the methodology to allocate 
the impairment within Bupa Dental Care UK to 
the related goodwill, intangible and tangible 
assets was in accordance with IAS 36, 
Impairment of assets. 
▪ Verified the application of the methodology and 
assessed whether the assumptions applied were 
reasonable. 
Disclosure 
▪ Assessed the appropriateness of the relevant 
disclosures to confirm compliance with the 
applicable financial reporting standards. 
Based on the procedures performed and the 
evidence obtained, we consider that the 
impairment losses recognised were appropriate 
and the remaining valuation of goodwill in these 
CGUs is reasonable. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 110 
  
  
  
 
   
 
 
   
  
  
     
    
   
        
       
          
    
   
   
  
      
       
   
     
     
  
   
  
    
       
      
       
       
      
       
    
         
        
        
       
       
      
     
        
      
  
      
      
  
      
        
      
    
   
    
     
     
     
  
     
       
    
     
    
       
      
    
  
     
        
     
    
      
    
      
      
  
     
      
     
   
      
     
      
    
       
       
      
         
          
      
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Independent auditors’ report to the members of 
The British United Provident Association Limited 
continued 
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
Valuation of 
provisions arising 
from insurance 
contracts 
(Group) 
Refer to Audit 
Committee 
Report, and 
Note 19.1 (for 
accounting policy 
and financial 
disclosures) 
Provisions arising from insurance contracts 
comprise provisions for unearned premiums 
and provisions for claims. 
We consider the valuation of the provisions for 
claims, including the deferred claims liability in 
Australia as a key area of audit focus given the 
magnitude and inherent uncertainty involved 
in this estimate. 
Provisions for claims 
£1,264m (2021: £1,093m) 
The calculation of the outstanding claims 
provision is based on certain key assumptions, 
including expected claims development 
patterns, a margin for prudence, claims 
inflation and expected trends in medical 
costs and treatments. 
Deferred claims provision 
£181m (2021: £163m) 
Government restrictions affected insurance 
customers’ ability to access treatment in private 
healthcare facilities and make claims, particularly 
for elective procedures. In Australia, a deferred 
claims provision is held due to regulatory 
commitments to fund the deferred medical 
service, even if the service were to postdate 
a customer’s contract period. 
This deferred claim provision is held on a best 
estimate basis (plus a margin for prudence) and 
represents the estimated cost of claims that are 
expected to rebound after the reporting date. 
The key assumption used to calculate the 
deferred claims provision is the deferral rate 
for six months of claims. 
The work performed to address the valuation of 
provisions for insurance contracts included the 
following procedures: 
▪ Understood and evaluated the processes and 
controls in place to determine the provisions 
for claims; 
▪ Tested the design and operating effectiveness 
of controls in place over provisions for claims, 
including those covering the approval of 
assumptions and completeness and accuracy 
of data used; 
▪ Using our actuarial specialists, we: 
▪ Applied our industry knowledge and 
experience and compared the methodology, 
models and assumptions used against 
recognised actuarial practices; 
▪ Evaluated the key assumptions used in 
the valuation of provisions for claims for 
reasonableness compared to historic 
experience, including the impact of inflation; 
▪ Performed independent re-projections for 
49% of provisions for claims, comparing our 
estimated provisions to those booked by 
management, and investigated differences, 
where material; 
▪ Evaluated the methodology and assumptions 
applied by management for a further 40% of 
provisions for claims, including reperforming 
management’s calculations and performing 
sensitivities to determine if the assumptions 
used were reasonable; and 
▪ For the remaining provision performed a 
diagnostic check to identify and investigate 
any anomalies. 
▪ Evaluated the methodology and assumptions 
used by management in calculating the 
deferred claims provision, including the 
assumed deferral rate; and 
▪ Assessed whether the disclosures related to 
insurance contract liabilities, including the 
deferred claims provision, are compliant with 
the applicable financial reporting standards. 
Based on the procedures performed and the 
evidence obtained, we consider the valuation of 
the insurance contract liabilities to be appropriate. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 111 
  
 
  
 
 
   
 
   
     
  
  
        
      
       
       
        
      
    
 
      
      
       
       
         
     
     
      
      
       
      
      
       
        
     
  
      
    
     
      
       
         
     
       
      
      
  
 
      
      
      
     
         
      
        
     
     
 
       
      
 
      
       
      
  
      
      
       
      
     
     
     
       
        
       
       
       
     
        
 
      
     
       
  
     
       
      
  
       
       
       
         
          
      
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Independent auditors’ report to the members of 
The British United Provident Association Limited 
continued 
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
Valuation of 
freehold 
property and 
investment 
property (Group) 
Refer to Audit 
Committee 
Report and Notes 
1.3, 4 and 5 (for 
accounting policy 
and financial 
disclosures) 
The Group holds freehold property (see Note 4 
Property, plant and equipment) and investment 
property (see Note 5 Investment property). We 
consider the valuation of freehold property and 
investment property as key areas of audit focus 
given the magnitude and inherent uncertainty 
involved in these estimates. 
Freehold properties 
Freehold properties of £2,210m (2021: £2,248m) 
comprise care homes, care villages, clinics, 
hospitals and offices across a number of 
locations. 
The properties are held under the revaluation 
model and are subject to periodic, and at least 
triennial, valuations performed by external 
independent valuers. The valuations are 
conducted by valuation experts and performed 
in accordance with relevant industry guidelines. 
The properties have been valued as fully 
equipped operational entities having regard to 
the trading potential, reflecting the specialised 
nature of the facilities. A capitalised maintainable 
earnings or discounted cash flow model is used, 
assuming a reasonably efficient operator of 
the facility. 
The valuation is judgemental and involves 
estimation uncertainty. The significant 
assumptions include occupancy levels, estimated 
net earnings, capitalisation rates and discount 
rates. There is also judgement in the allocation 
of the fair value of the facility between its 
constituent parts, including the property. 
Where an external valuation has not been 
obtained, valuations are performed by the 
Directors to support the carrying value of 
the property. 
Investment properties 
Investment properties of £750m (2021: £666m) 
relate predominantly to retirement villages in 
New Zealand. The properties are leased to 
third parties to generate rental income. 
The properties are held at fair value and subject 
to an independent external valuation annually. 
The valuation is based on discounted cash flow 
projections and uses subjective assumptions 
including the discount rate and capital 
growth rate. 
For the valuation of freehold property and 
investment property, we performed the following 
procedures: 
▪ Assessed the appropriateness of the valuation 
methodology applied and whether this is in 
accordance with the requirements of the 
relevant standards; 
▪ Obtained the most recent external valuation 
reports and critically assessed the qualifications 
and experience of the external valuers to 
determine whether they have the knowledge 
required to perform the valuations; 
▪ For both external and Directors’ valuations, 
we challenged the key assumptions relating 
to operating cash flows, such as occupancy 
rates and discount rates, as well as reviewing 
capitalisation rates and the useful lives of 
existing facilities. In critically assessing the key 
assumptions, we have utilised our own valuation 
experts, and considered external benchmarks 
and forecasts as well as reports from external 
chartered surveyors; 
▪ For Directors’ valuations, we have also 
challenged adjustments to the valuation 
models, with reference to the most recent 
external valuation; and 
▪ Assessed whether the disclosures in relation 
to the valuation of freehold and investment 
properties are compliant with the relevant 
financial reporting requirements. 
Based on the procedures performed and the 
evidence obtained, we consider the valuation of 
freehold property and investment property to be 
appropriate. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 112 
  
    
  
 
 
    
  
  
 
        
      
      
       
 
      
        
        
    
       
          
       
      
        
         
       
        
         
     
   
     
        
     
         
      
    
      
     
         
      
         
      
        
      
    
       
     
     
 
  
  
  
   
  
    
 
   
  
  
  
        
         
         
     
       
        
         
        
      
     
      
         
        
     
      
        
       
       
        
       
          
    
       
      
   
        
     
    
     
      
     
     
        
       
     
   
      
      
   
       
      
      
     
   
         
          
      
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Independent auditors’ report to the members of 
The British United Provident Association Limited 
continued 
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
Application of 
IAS 29 - financial 
reporting in 
hyperinflationary 
economies 
(Group) 
Refer to Note 1.7 
(for accounting 
policy and 
financial 
disclosures) 
Since the beginning of 2021, inflation in Türkiye 
has increased significantly. Whilst inflation rates 
have declined in recent months, reported 
consumer price inflation was at 64.3% in 
December 2022. 
Türkiye has been designated a hyperinflationary 
economy for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
This requires the Group to apply IAS 29, 
Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary 
Economies. No prior year restatement is required 
when applying IAS 29 at the Group level, but the 
requirement to restate current period results and 
non-monetary balances to the purchasing power 
at the reporting date applies and will continue 
until such time as Türkiye is no longer considered 
hyperinflationary. 
The application of IAS 29 involves complexity 
and has a material impact on the financial 
statements. 
For the application of IAS 29 - Financial reporting 
in hyperinflationary economies, we have 
performed the following procedures: 
▪ Assessed the appropriateness of non-monetary 
items to be indexed to the balance sheet date; 
▪ Recomputed the indexation of non-monetary 
items from the date of inception to the balance 
sheet date, including obtaining the appropriate 
indexation factor from external sources; 
▪ Recomputed the indexation of the income 
statement to the balance sheet date; 
▪ Calculated the gain or loss on the net monetary 
position; 
▪ Verified the foreign exchange translation using 
the exchange rate at the balance sheet date, as 
opposed to historic, average, or closing rates; 
▪ Assessed whether the application of IAS 29 has 
been disclosed in accordance with the 
requirements of the standard. 
Based on the procedures performed and the 
evidence obtained, we consider the application 
of IAS 29 to be appropriate. 
Classification, 
recognition and 
disclosure of 
certain liabilities 
relating to Isapre 
Cruz Blanca 
(Group) 
Refer to the Audit 
Committee 
Report and Note 
28 (for 
accounting policy 
and financial 
disclosures) 
In December 2022, the Supreme Court in Chile 
issued a ruling that obliges Isapres to make use 
of a specific table of risk factors in determining 
insurance premiums charged going forwards, 
and retrospectively over the previous 3 years. 
Any excess amount charged to customers is to 
be returned. The calculation of the impact of the 
ruling on Bupa Chile is dependent on detailed 
application guidelines which will be issued by 
the Chilean Superintendent of Health. 
Given the number of variables in determining 
the amounts that may need to be returned to 
customers, and lack of clarity on how the 
Superintendent of Health will determine how 
the ruling would be implemented in practice, 
the directors have determined that it is not 
possible to reliably estimate the related liability. 
Therefore this is disclosed as a contingent 
liability as explained in Note 28. The directors 
have disclosed an indication of financial impact 
in relation to the capital held for this matter for 
Group Solvency II reporting purposes. 
To address the disclosure of the contingent 
liability we performed the following procedures: 
▪ Evaluated management’s assessment that 
the Supreme Court Ruling gives rise to a 
contingent liability, specifically whether a 
reliable estimate can be determined; 
▪ Reviewed announcements made by the 
Superintendent of Health relating to the 
application of the Supreme Court Ruling; 
▪ Evaluated the methodology and assumptions 
used to calculate the financial effect of the 
contingent liability as disclosed in Note 28, 
considering whether this in itself provided 
a reliable estimate; and 
▪ Assessed whether the disclosures meet the 
requirements of IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent 
Liabilities and Contingent Assets. 
Based on the procedures performed and the 
evidence obtained, we consider the classification, 
recognition and disclosure under IAS 37 
Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent 
Assets to be appropriate. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 113 
  
  
  
 
  
    
  
  
 
          
        
    
        
      
      
       
      
   
       
          
      
       
      
         
        
       
      
       
   
    
      
        
     
        
       
      
      
       
  
        
         
        
       
       
        
      
        
        
         
      
       
  
       
       
         
     
        
      
  
         
       
 
         
      
 
     
      
       
  
      
     
    
    
     
      
    
       
 
    
     
   
      
     
  
      
     
       
        
  
       
      
         
         
          
      
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Independent auditors’ report to the members of 
The British United Provident Association Limited 
continued 
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
Valuation of 
equity impact 
from the 
transition to 
IFRS 17 (Group) 
Refer to Note 1.6 
(for accounting 
policy and 
financial 
disclosures) 
The impact of the adoption of IFRS 17 on the 
Group’s net asset value as at 1 January 2022 
is estimated to be £55m. 
IFRS 17 is a complex accounting standard which 
requires judgement and interpretation in its 
implementation. In accordance with IAS 8, 
insurers, including Bupa, are required to disclose 
the financial effect of the implementation of 
the new Standard. 
We have determined the valuation of the 
estimated impact of IFRS 17 to be a key audit 
matter because of the significant changes 
introduced by the standard, including a number 
of new estimates and judgements. For Bupa, 
the short tailed nature of most of the Group’s 
insurance liabilities means that it expects to be 
able to apply the premium allocation approach 
(“PAA”) for most insurance contracts; this 
assumption has been the driver of much of 
the work this year. 
Key areas of focus were: 
Unit of account and contract boundaries 
The determination of a unit of account and 
contract boundaries are new considerations 
required by the Standard. There is often an 
element of judgement in how these are 
determined and these initial considerations have 
downstream implications for PAA eligibility and 
on the size of any loss component recognised. 
PAA eligibility 
The majority of Bupa's policies have a coverage 
period of one year or less and are therefore 
eligible to apply PAA. For policies with a 
coverage period greater than 12 months, the 
Group has performed eligibility testing to ensure 
there is no material difference in applying the 
PAA or the General measurement model 
(“GMM”). There is a small amount of business 
around the Group that is not eligible for PAA 
and for these groups of contracts, the GMM is 
applied. Ensuring the measurement model is 
appropriate is a key judgement of the Standard. 
Loss component 
The consideration of units of account drive 
onerous contract assessments at a more granular 
level than under IFRS 4. Under IFRS 17 loss 
components have been recognised for groups 
of contracts that did not have an associated 
unexpired risk reserve under IFRS 4. 
Risk adjustment 
The Group has taken the decision to use a 
confidence level technique to estimate the risk 
adjustment. 
For the work over the valuation of insurance and 
reinsurance balances under IFRS 17 our 
procedures included: 
▪ Assessing key judgements and conclusions 
made within accounting policy papers and 
verifying that business and market units were 
applying these appropriately; 
▪ Assessing the determination of unit of account; 
▪ Performing walkthroughs for new processes 
and assessing changes to systems; 
▪ Evaluating the appropriateness of 
management’s PAA eligibility analysis, including 
testing the completeness and accuracy of 
supporting data, evaluating reasonably 
expected scenarios and testing of the accuracy 
of models; 
▪ Evaluating the appropriateness of 
methodologies and assumptions used in 
determining loss components recognised 
for the first time under the Standard; 
▪ Testing the calculation of loss components 
not previously recognised; 
▪ Assessing the appropriateness of the Group’s 
approach to the risk adjustment; and 
▪ Assessing the disclosures in relation to the 
adoption of IFRS 17 against the principles of 
IAS 8. 
Based on the procedures performed, we consider 
the disclosure, including the estimated equity 
impact from the transition to IFRS 17, to be 
appropriate. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 114 
 
  
  
 
 
   
 
   
    
  
  
      
       
        
       
        
        
   
       
      
 
      
         
     
       
        
    
       
      
     
    
       
     
 
      
        
      
       
  
    
      
      
     
     
   
  
     
        
      
  
       
     
      
 
         
     
           
          
         
         
        
   
         
        
         
        
        
          
       
      
       
        
       
       
      
 
       
         
         
         
   
        
      
     
       
 
          
        
       
          
         
         
        
    
      
        
 
      
     
    
     
        
   
      
 
         
       
        
          
        
     
       
          
       
         
          
       
        
       
        
      
        
        
         
        
          
      
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Independent auditors’ report to the members of 
The British United Provident Association Limited 
continued 
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
Valuation of 
defined benefit 
pension 
obligation 
(Company) 
Refer to Audit 
Committee 
Report, Note 7 
and Note D (for 
accounting policy 
and financial 
disclosures) 
The Company operates several defined benefit 
funded pension schemes, the most significant of 
which is The Bupa Pension Scheme which closed 
to future accrual as at 31 December 2020. 
The present value of the funded obligation is 
£1,109m (2021: £1,887m) with a net surplus of 
£403m recognised (2021: £538m). 
The estimate of the defined benefit pension 
obligations is inherently uncertain and requires 
expert judgement. 
External expert actuarial advice has been used 
in setting the key assumptions for the IAS 19 
valuation, including: mortality assumptions for 
which the projection models have been updated 
to include CMI 2021; the allowance for known 
inflation when setting inflation assumptions; 
and, discount rates. Small changes in these 
assumptions can have a significant impact on 
the defined benefit pension obligations and 
the Company’s net pension surplus. 
For the valuation of defined benefit pension 
obligations, we performed the following 
procedures: 
▪ Assessed the qualifications and experience of 
the external actuary to determine if they have 
the knowledge and experience required to 
perform the valuation of the defined benefit 
pension schemes; 
▪ Challenged the key assumptions, including 
the mortality projection, inflation and discount 
rates. In critically assessing the key 
assumptions, we have utilised our own 
pension valuation experts, and considered 
benchmarking against available market 
data; and 
▪ Assessed whether the disclosures in relation 
to the valuation of the defined benefit pension 
obligations are compliant with the relevant 
financial reporting requirements. 
Based on the procedures performed and the 
evidence obtained, we consider the valuation 
of the defined benefit pension obligations to 
be appropriate. 
How we tailored the audit scope 
We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we 
performed enough work to be able to give an opinion 
on the financial statements as a whole, taking into 
account the structure of the Group and the Company, 
the accounting processes and controls, and the industry 
in which they operate. 
For the Group audit we defined a component as being 
a single reporting pack within the Group’s consolidation 
process. Based on the output of our risk assessment, 
along with our understanding of the Bupa Group 
structure, we identified 22 components for which a 
full scope audit of their financial information has been 
performed. This was determined by assessing those 
components considered to be financially significant 
and with reference to our risk assessment. 
We identified a further 15 components where specific 
audit procedures were performed on certain balances 
and transactions to provide sufficient and appropriate 
audit coverage over individual financial statement 
line items. 
The components where we performed audit procedures 
included some operating in each of the Group’s Market 
Units and covered 89% of Group Revenue, 94% of 
Group Loss before taxation expense and 85% of 
Group Total assets. 
We also performed audit procedures over the Group 
Centre functions, including the consolidation process 
and certain treasury and payroll processes. 
We performed analytical review procedures over the 
remaining components. 
As the Group audit team, we determined the level of 
involvement required at those components to be able 
to conclude whether sufficient and appropriate audit 
evidence had been obtained as a basis for our opinion 
on the consolidated financial statements as a whole. In 
our role as Group auditors we exercised oversight of 
the work performed by auditors of the components 
including performing the following procedures: 
▪ Issued group instructions outlining areas requiring 
additional audit focus, including the key audit matters 
included above; 
▪ Maintained an active dialogue with reporting 
component audit teams throughout the year; 
▪ Attended meetings with local management; 
▪ Reviewed reporting requested from component 
teams, including those areas determined to be of 
heightened audit risk; and. 
▪ Reviewed component team detailed working papers, 
where relevant. 
We have performed a detailed review of key audit 
working papers at all in-scope components through 
a mixture of remote working and site visits. 
For the Company audit, based on the outputs of our 
risk assessment, we identified one financially significant 
component being the holding company operations. 
The impact of climate risk on our audit 
As part of our audit we made enquiries of management 
to understand the process management adopted to 
assess the extent of the potential impact of climate 
risk on the Group’s financial statements. In addition to 
enquiries with management, we also understood the 
governance processes in place to assess climate risk, 
read internal management reporting on climate risks 
and read additional external reporting by the entity 
on climate, including sustainability publications. 
We have also made enquiries to understand, and 
performed a risk assessment in respect of, the 
commitments made by the Group and how these may 
affect the financial statements and the audit procedures 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 115 
          
         
         
          
       
        
      
          
         
          
            
   
         
       
      
       
          
         
        
        
       
                
 
      
         
  
 
          
     
   
  
 
         
           
         
         
           
         
           
         
           
       
    
   
   
    
     
    
    
  
    
     
 
          
          
       
        
        
         
 
        
       
     
     
       
           
        
       
        
       
        
        
 
      
         
     
          
          
 
         
       
        
       
        
         
 
    
        
        
        
      
       
       
      
      
  
      
       
    
       
 
       
       
      
         
       
       
        
      
          
      
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Independent auditors’ report to the members of 
The British United Provident Association Limited 
continued 
that we perform. We have assessed the risks of material Materiality 
misstatement to the financial statements as a result of The scope of our audit was influenced by our climate change and concluded that for the year ended application of materiality. We set certain quantitative 31 December 2022, the main audit risks are related to thresholds for materiality. These, together with consistency of disclosures included within the Annual qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the Report and ‘other information’ including the Task Force scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent on Climate-related Financial Disclosure ('TCFD') report, of our audit procedures on the individual financial as well as the Sustainability and ESG and Risk reports. statement line items and disclosures and in evaluating 
Our procedures did not identify any material impact in the effect of misstatements, both individually and in 
the context of our audit of the financial statements as aggregate on the financial statements as a whole. 
a whole, or our key audit matters for the year ended 
31 December 2022. 
Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality for the financial statements as a whole as follows: 
Financial statements - Group Financial statements - Company 
Overall 
materiality 
£24.7 million (FY21: £21.2 million). £8.5 million (FY21: £10.0 
million). 
How we 
determined it 
5% of loss before taxation expense adjusted for certain non-recurring 
items (FY21: Profit before taxation expense) 
1% of Total assets 
Rationale for 
benchmark 
applied 
In determining our materiality, we have considered the financial 
metrics which we believed to be relevant, and concluded that Group 
Loss before taxation expense adjusted for certain non-recurring items, 
notably impairment of goodwill and intangibles and the amortisation 
In determining our 
materiality, we considered 
the financial metrics which 
we believed to be relevant 
of bed licenses, was the most appropriate benchmark. This is because and concluded that Total 
the Group is profit-orientated, but the non-recurring items have assets was the most 
significantly distorted the result of the Group. We consider that the appropriate benchmark. 
resulting materiality level is appropriate for the size and complexity The primary purpose of 
of the Group and relevant to the users of the financial statements. the Company is as a 
We have substantively tested the non-recurring items excluded holding company. 
to a lower materiality level. 
For each component in the scope of our Group audit, 
we allocated a materiality that is less than our overall 
Group materiality. The range of materiality allocated 
across components was £3.0 million to £18.0 million. 
Certain components were audited to a local statutory 
audit materiality that was also less than our overall 
Group materiality. 
We use performance materiality to reduce to an 
appropriately low level the probability that the 
aggregate of uncorrected and undetected 
misstatements exceeds overall materiality. Specifically, 
we use performance materiality in determining the 
scope of our audit and the nature and extent of our 
testing of account balances, classes of transactions and 
disclosures, for example in determining sample sizes. 
Our performance materiality was 75% (FY21: 75%) of 
overall materiality, amounting to £18.5 million (FY21: 
£15.9 million) for the Group financial statements and 
£6.4 million (FY21: £7.5 million) for the Company 
financial statements. 
In determining the performance materiality, we 
considered a number of factors - the history of 
misstatements, risk assessment and aggregation 
risk and the effectiveness of controls - and concluded 
that an amount in the middle of our normal range 
was appropriate. 
We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would 
report to them misstatements identified during our 
audit above £1.2 million (Group audit) (FY21: £1.2 
million) and £0.5 million (Company audit) (FY21: 
£0.5 million) as well as misstatements below those 
amounts that, in our view, warranted reporting for 
qualitative reasons. 
Conclusions relating to going concern 
Our evaluation of the directors’ assessment of the 
Group's and the Company’s ability to continue to 
adopt the going concern basis of accounting included: 
▪ Obtaining the Directors’ going concern assessment 
and challenging the rationale for downside scenarios 
adopted and material assumptions made using our 
knowledge of the Group’s business performance, 
review of regulatory correspondence and obtaining 
further corroborating evidence; 
▪ Considering management’s assessment of the Group’s 
regulatory solvency coverage and liquidity position in 
the forward looking scenarios considered; 
▪ Assessing the impact of severe, but plausible, 
downside scenarios; 
▪ Assessing liquidity of the Group and Company, 
including the Group’s ability to pay customers, 
suppliers and creditors as amounts fall due; 
▪ Assessing the ability of the Group to comply with 
covenants; 
▪ Enquiring and understanding the actions taken by 
management to mitigate any significant risks facing 
the business, including attendance at all Group Audit 
Committee and Group Risk Committee meetings; and 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 116 
       
        
  
          
       
        
        
            
        
   
        
          
       
  
        
          
         
    
          
        
          
        
       
       
       
        
       
   
        
         
        
       
        
     
       
        
         
       
  
         
         
         
      
          
         
     
       
         
        
          
        
       
        
       
        
       
       
 
          
         
       
    
        
          
        
         
      
   
       
       
           
      
  
  
         
        
       
       
       
          
         
       
      
      
      
   
           
         
      
       
        
      
          
      
      
        
 
        
       
       
      
       
       
        
       
       
            
         
 
      
        
        
 
         
        
          
         
          
      
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Independent auditors’ report to the members of 
The British United Provident Association Limited 
continued 
▪ Reviewing the disclosures included in the financial 
statements in relation to going concern, including the 
Basis of Preparation. 
Based on the work we have performed, we have not 
identified any material uncertainties relating to events 
or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast 
significant doubt on the Group's and the Company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at 
least twelve months from when the financial statements 
are authorised for issue. 
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded 
that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of 
accounting in the preparation of the financial 
statements is appropriate. 
However, because not all future events or conditions 
can be predicted, this conclusion is not a guarantee as 
to the Group's and the Company's ability to continue 
as a going concern. 
In relation to the directors’ reporting on how they have 
applied the UK Corporate Governance Code, we have 
nothing material to add or draw attention to in relation 
to the directors’ statement in the financial statements 
about whether the directors considered it appropriate 
to adopt the going concern basis of accounting. 
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the 
directors with respect to going concern are described 
in the relevant sections of this report. 
Reporting on other information 
The other information comprises all of the information 
in the Annual Report other than the financial statements 
and our auditors’ report thereon. The directors are 
responsible for the other information, which includes 
reporting based on the Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations. Our 
opinion on the financial statements does not cover 
the other information and, accordingly, we do not 
express an audit opinion or, except to the extent 
otherwise explicitly stated in this report, any form 
of assurance thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, 
our responsibility is to read the other information and, 
in doing so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the financial statements 
or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated. If we identify an 
apparent material inconsistency or material 
misstatement, we are required to perform procedures 
to conclude whether there is a material misstatement of 
the financial statements or a material misstatement of 
the other information. If, based on the work we have 
performed, we conclude that there is a material 
misstatement of this other information, we are 
required to report that fact. We have nothing 
to report based on these responsibilities. 
With respect to the Strategic report and Directors' 
Report, we also considered whether the disclosures 
required by the UK Companies Act 2006 have 
been included. 
Based on our work undertaken in the course of the 
audit, the Companies Act 2006 requires us also to 
report certain opinions and matters as described below. 
Strategic report and Directors' Report 
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in 
the course of the audit, the information given in the 
Strategic report and Directors' Report for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 is consistent with the financial 
statements and has been prepared in accordance 
with applicable legal requirements. 
In light of the knowledge and understanding of 
the Group and Company and their environment 
obtained in the course of the audit, we did not identify 
any material misstatements in the Strategic report 
and Directors' Report. 
Corporate governance statement 
ISAs (UK) require us to review the directors’ statements 
in relation to going concern, longer-term viability and 
that part of the corporate governance statement 
relating to the Company’s compliance with the 
provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code, 
which the Company has voluntarily adopted as if it were 
a premium listed company subject to the Listing Rules 
of the Financial Conduct Authority. Our additional 
responsibilities with respect to the corporate 
governance statement as other information are 
described in the Reporting on other information 
section of this report. 
Based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we 
have concluded that each of the following elements of 
the corporate governance statement, included within 
the section "Complying with the UK Corporate 
Governance Code 2018" is materially consistent with the 
financial statements and our knowledge obtained 
during the audit, and we have nothing material to add 
or draw attention to in relation to: 
▪ The directors’ confirmation that they have carried 
out a robust assessment of the emerging and 
principal risks; 
▪ The disclosures in the Annual Report that describe 
those principal risks, what procedures are in place 
to identify emerging risks and an explanation of 
how these are being managed or mitigated; 
▪ The directors’ statement in the financial statements 
about whether they considered it appropriate to 
adopt the going concern basis of accounting in 
preparing them, and their identification of any 
material uncertainties to the Group’s and Company’s 
ability to continue to do so over a period of at least 
twelve months from the date of approval of the 
financial statements; 
▪ The directors’ explanation as to their assessment 
of the Group's and Company’s prospects, the period 
this assessment covers and why the period is 
appropriate; and 
▪ The directors’ statement as to whether they have a 
reasonable expectation that the Company will be able 
to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they 
fall due over the period of its assessment, including 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 117 
       
   
        
        
         
       
      
         
        
       
       
        
       
          
          
       
     
      
       
         
       
        
      
  
        
        
     
      
      
         
       
        
         
         
    
    
   
      
 
         
       
       
        
           
        
       
         
      
       
         
        
       
        
      
          
        
     
    
   
       
         
        
          
         
         
        
       
         
        
        
         
   
      
       
       
        
        
      
    
         
        
        
       
          
         
           
      
      
         
       
       
       
         
        
         
         
      
      
        
        
       
       
        
           
      
        
        
         
        
    
      
        
       
       
      
    
       
       
 
          
      
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Independent auditors’ report to the members of 
The British United Provident Association Limited 
continued 
any related disclosures drawing attention to any 
necessary qualifications or assumptions. 
Our review of the directors’ statement regarding the 
longer-term viability of the Group and Company was 
substantially less in scope than an audit and only 
consisted of making inquiries and considering the 
directors’ process supporting their statement; checking 
that the statement is in alignment with the relevant 
provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code; and 
considering whether the statement is consistent with 
the financial statements and our knowledge and 
understanding of the Group and Company and their 
environment obtained in the course of the audit. 
In addition, based on the work undertaken as part of 
our audit, we have concluded that each of the following 
elements of the corporate governance statement is 
materially consistent with the financial statements 
and our knowledge obtained during the audit: 
▪ The directors’ statement that they consider the 
Annual Report, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced 
and understandable, and provides the information 
necessary for the members to assess the Group’s 
and Company's position, performance, business 
model and strategy; 
▪ The section of the Annual Report that describes 
the review of effectiveness of risk management 
and internal control systems; and 
▪ The section of the Annual Report describing 
the work of the Audit Committee. 
We have nothing to report in respect of our 
responsibility to report when the directors’ statement 
relating to the Company’s compliance with the Code 
does not properly disclose a departure from a relevant 
provision of the Code specified under the Listing Rules 
for review by the auditors. 
Responsibilities for the financial 
statements and the audit 
Responsibilities of the directors for the 
financial statements 
As explained more fully in the Statement of Directors’ 
Responsibilities, the directors are responsible for the 
preparation of the financial statements in accordance 
with the applicable framework and for being satisfied 
that they give a true and fair view. The directors are 
also responsible for such internal control as they 
determine is necessary to enable the preparation 
of financial statements that are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financial statements, the directors 
are responsible for assessing the Group’s and the 
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, 
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless the directors either intend 
to liquidate the Group or the Company or to 
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative 
but to do so. 
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit 
of the financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether the financial statements as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes 
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of 
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always 
detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, 
they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of 
these financial statements. 
Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-
compliance with laws and regulations. We design 
procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined 
above, to detect material misstatements in respect of 
irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our 
procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, 
including fraud, is detailed below. 
Based on our understanding of the Group and industry, 
we identified that the principal risks of non-compliance 
with laws and regulations related to certain Group 
activities where non-compliance with the related laws 
and regulations could result in fines or litigation, or loss 
of the Group’s licence to operate. We consider the 
areas most likely to have such an effect would be in 
relation to financial conduct regulation, healthcare 
provision conduct regulation and regulatory capital 
and liquidity requirements. In addition, risks arise from 
the Group’s required compliance with related taxation 
legislation (including VAT and payroll taxes) and 
pensions legislation, and we considered the extent 
to which non-compliance might have a material effect 
on the financial statements. We also considered those 
laws and regulations that have a direct impact on 
the financial statements such as the Companies Act 
2006. We evaluated management’s incentives and 
opportunities for fraudulent manipulation of the 
financial statements (including the risk of override of 
controls), and determined that the principal risks were 
related to management bias in accounting estimates 
and judgmental areas of the financial statements, 
including those shown in our Key Audit Matters, 
and the override of controls including the posting of 
inappropriate journal entries. The Group engagement 
team shared this risk assessment with the component 
auditors so that they could include appropriate audit 
procedures in response to such risks in their work. 
Audit procedures performed by the Group engagement 
team and/or component auditors included: 
▪ Discussions with the Board, management, Internal 
Audit, senior management involved in the Risk and 
Compliance functions and the Group and Company’s 
legal function, including consideration of known or 
suspected instances of non-compliance with laws 
and regulation and fraud; 
▪ Evaluation and testing of the operating effectiveness 
of management’s controls designed to prevent and 
detect irregularities; 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 118 
        
      
       
 
     
         
      
    
     
  
     
       
   
      
         
 
       
        
         
      
        
          
       
         
          
         
          
        
     
   
       
      
       
        
       
         
         
           
          
    
         
         
   
        
   
        
           
          
           
       
           
           
        
 
  
    
         
      
        
      
        
         
         
     
      
       
      
         
       
           
         
       
        
         
 
  
 
      
       
        
         
         
        
         
         
     
    
      
    
  
          
      
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Independent auditors’ report to the members of 
The British United Provident Association Limited 
continued 
▪ Assessment of matters reported on the Group and 
Company’s whistleblowing helpline and fraud register 
and the results of management’s investigation of 
such matters; 
▪ Reviewing relevant meeting minutes including 
those of the Board of Directors, Remuneration and 
Disclosure Committees and attending all Audit 
Committee and Risk Committee meetings; 
▪ Identifying and testing journal entries based 
on risk criteria; 
▪ Designing audit procedures to incorporate 
unpredictability around the nature, timing or extent 
of our testing; 
▪ Testing transactions entered into outside of 
the normal course of the Group and Company’s 
business; and 
▪ Reviewing the Group’s register of litigation and 
claims, Internal Audit reports, and Group Chief Risk 
Officer’s Reports in so far as they related to non-
compliance with laws and regulations and fraud. 
There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures 
described above. We are less likely to become aware of 
instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations 
that are not closely related to events and transactions 
reflected in the financial statements. Also, the risk of not 
detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher 
than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, 
as fraud may involve deliberate concealment by, for 
example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, 
or through collusion. 
Our audit testing might include testing complete 
populations of certain transactions and balances, 
possibly using data auditing techniques. However, it 
typically involves selecting a limited number of items 
for testing, rather than testing complete populations. 
We will often seek to target particular items for 
testing based on their size or risk characteristics. 
In other cases, we will use audit sampling to enable 
us to draw a conclusion about the population from 
which the sample is selected. 
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit 
of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s 
website at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. 
This description forms part of our auditors’ report. 
Use of this report 
This report, including the opinions, has been prepared 
for and only for the Company’s members as a body in 
accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies 
Act 2006 and for no other purpose. We do not, in 
giving these opinions, accept or assume responsibility 
for any other purpose or to any other person to whom 
this report is shown or into whose hands it may come 
save where expressly agreed by our prior consent 
in writing. 
Other required reporting 
Companies Act 2006 exception reporting 
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to 
report to you if, in our opinion: 
▪ we have not obtained all the information and 
explanations we require for our audit; or 
▪ adequate accounting records have not been kept by 
the Company, or returns adequate for our audit have 
not been received from branches not visited by us; or 
▪ certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration 
specified by law are not made; or 
▪ the Company financial statements are not in 
agreement with the accounting records and returns. 
We have no exceptions to report arising from this 
responsibility. 
Appointment 
Following the recommendation of the Audit Committee, 
we were appointed by the members on 12 May 2021 to 
audit the financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 and subsequent financial periods. The 
period of total uninterrupted engagement is 2 years, 
covering the years ended 31 December 2021 to 31 
December 2022. 
Other voluntary reporting 
Directors’ remuneration 
The Company voluntarily prepares a Directors' 
remuneration report in accordance with the provisions 
of the Companies Act 2006. The directors requested 
that we audit the part of the Directors' remuneration 
report specified by the Companies Act 2006 to be 
audited as if the Company were a quoted company. 
In our opinion, the part of the Directors' remuneration 
report to be audited has been properly prepared in 
accordance with the Companies Act 2006. 
Joanne Leeson (Senior Statutory Auditor) 
for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors 
London 
1 March 2023 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 119 
 
      
       
       
          
     
     
  
      
        
       
          
         
      
       
       
         
   
     
     
      
        
      
       
     
       
 
    
     
       
        
          
  
       
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Consolidated Income Statement 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 
2022 2021 
Note £m £m 
Revenues 
Gross insurance pr
Premiums ceded to reinsurers 
emiums 2.1 
2.1 
10,029 
(132) 
9,227 
(102) 
Net insurance premiums earned 9,897 9,125 
Care, health and other customer contract revenue 
Other revenue 
Total revenues 
2.1 
2.1 
3,967 
93 
13,957 
3,699 
79 
12,903 
Claims and expenses 
Insurance claims incurred 
Reinsurers' share of claims incurred 
Net insurance claims incurred 
2.2 
2.2 
(7,726) 
97 
(7,629) 
(7,294) 
79 
(7,215) 
Share of post-taxation results of equity-accounted investments 
Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 
Other operating expenses 
Other income and charges 
Total claims and expenses 
6 
3 
2.3 
2.4 
53 
(894) 
(5,789) 
(39) 
(14,298) 
42 
(27) 
(5,237) 
49 
(12,388) 
(Loss)/profit before financial income and expense (341) 515 
Financial income and expense 
Financial income 
Financial expense 
Net monetary loss 
Net impairment on financial assets 
Net financial expense 
2.5 
2.5 
1.7 
186 
(175) 
(87) 
(10) 
(86) 
97 
(185) 
– 
(4) 
(92) 
(Loss)/profit before taxation expense (427) 423 
Taxation expense 2.6 (91) (62) 
(Loss)/profit for the year (518) 361 
Attributable to: 
Bupa (521) 358 
Non-controlling interests 3 3 
(Loss)/profit for the year (518) 361 
Notes 1-28 form part of these consolidated financial statements. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 120 
 
       
   
         
         
        
           
    
         
         
        
             
           
              
            
     
         
             
       
        
 
    
     
        
        
          
    
       
   
361 
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 
2022 2021 
Note £m £m 
(Loss)/profit for the year (518) 
Other comprehensive income/(expense) 
Items that will not be reclassified to the Income Statement 
Unrealised loss on revaluation of property 4 (44) (26) 
Remeasurement loss on pension schemes 7 (128) (5) 
Taxation credit on income and expenses recognised directly in other comprehensive 
income 2.6 59 8 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the Income Statement 
Foreign exchange translation differences on goodwill 3 112 (126) 
Other foreign exchange translation differences 346 (240) 
Net (loss)/gain on hedge of net investment in overseas subsidiaries (80) 62 
Share of other comprehensive income of equity-accounted investments 2 6 
Change in fair value of financial investments through other comprehensive income (4) (6) 
Realised gain on disposal of financial investments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income – 1 
Change in cash flow hedge reserve – (21) 
Release of foreign exchange translation reserve on closure of subsidiaries 4 – 
Total other comprehensive income/(expense) 267 (347) 
Comprehensive (expense)/income for the year (251) 14 
Attributable to: 
Bupa (256) 14 
Non-controlling interests 5 – 
Comprehensive (expense)/income for the year (251) 14 
Notes 1-28 form part of these consolidated financial statements. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 121 
 
       
       
     
      
       
     
     
     
      
      
        
    
       
       
       
     
     
      
     
        
        
     
        
      
      
         
       
          
     
     
      
       
       
       
       
     
     
                
      
    
         
          
    
     
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
as at 31 December 2022 
2022 2021 
Note £m £m 
Assets 
Goodwill and intangible assets 3 2,803 3,577 
Property, plant and equipment 4 3,715 3,816 
Investment property 5 750 666 
Equity-accounted investments 6 1,032 905 
Post-employment benefit net assets 7 406 542 
Restricted assets 8 119 158 
Financial investments 9 3,716 2,911 
Derivative assets 10 28 41 
Deferred taxation assets 11 129 89 
Current taxation assets 41 24 
Assets arising from insurance business 12 1,626 1,374 
Inventories 13 91 93 
Trade and other receivables 14 929 624 
Cash and cash equivalents 15 1,403 1,739 
Assets held for sale 16 32 38 
Total assets 16,820 16,597 
Liabilities 
Subordinated liabilities 17 (998) (997) 
Other interest-bearing liabilities 17 (648) (822) 
Lease liabilities 18 (932) (921) 
Post-employment benefit net liabilities 7 (51) (69) 
Provisions arising from insurance contracts 19.1 (3,709) (3,233) 
Derivative liabilities 10 (137) (35) 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 20 (304) (279) 
Deferred taxation liabilities 11 (177) (295) 
Current taxation liabilities (34) (55) 
Other liabilities arising from insurance business 19.2 (221) (213) 
Trade and other payables 21 (2,392) (2,216) 
Liabilities associated with assets held for sale 16 (1) (4) 
Total liabilities (9,604) (9,139) 
Net assets 7,216 7,458 
Equity 
Property revaluation reserve 634 655 
Income and expenditure reserve 5,812 6,502 
Foreign exchange translation reserve 453 (13) 
Equity attributable to Bupa 6,899 7,144 
Restricted Tier 1 notes 22 297 297 
Non-controlling interests 23 20 17 
Total equity 7,216 7,458 
Approved by the Board of Directors and signed on its behalf on 1 March 2023 by 
Roger Davis James Lenton 
Chairman Group CFO 
Notes 1-28 form part of these consolidated financial statements. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 122 
 
 
 
       
 
      
      
       
      
     
             
          
        
            
            
       
      
          
         
    
            
       
       
              
       
       
         
           
       
       
            
           
     
           
     
         
    
           
         
              
          
        
         
     
          
        
         
            
           
         
           
 
         
                       
             
        
          
     
       
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 
2021 
2022 restated¹ 
Note £m £m 
Operating activities 
(Loss)/profit before taxation expense (427) 423 
Adjustments for: 
Net financial (income)/expense (1) 92 
Net monetary loss 1.7 87 – 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 3,4 1,558 532 
Other non-cash items (30) (135) 
Changes in working capital and provisions: 
Increase in provisions and other liabilities arising from insurance contracts 359 238 
Increase in assets arising from insurance business (211) (73) 
Funded pension scheme employer contributions (2) (1) 
Increase in trade and other receivables, and other assets (200) (25) 
Increase in trade and other payables, and other liabilities 53 65 
Cash generated from operations 1,186 1,116 
Income taxation paid (225) (200) 
Decrease in cash held in restricted assets¹ 8 5 3 
Net cash generated from operating activities 966 919 
Cash flow from investing activities 
Acquisition of subsidiaries and businesses, net of cash acquired (29) (19) 
Investment in equity-accounted investments 6 (14) (14) 
Dividends received from associates 42 34 
Disposal of subsidiaries and other businesses, net of cash disposed of 3 104 
Divestment of equity-accounted investments – 7 
Purchase of intangible assets 3 (124) (108) 
Purchase of property, plant and equipment 4 (211) (193) 
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 7 18 
Purchase of investment property 5 (29) (37) 
Disposal of investment property 5 1 – 
Purchases of financial investments, excluding deposits with credit institutions (1,720) (1,070) 
Proceeds from sale and maturities of financial investments, excluding deposits with 
credit institutions 1,222 750 
Net (investments into)/withdrawals from deposits with credit institutions (119) 231 
Interest received 82 62 
Net cash used in investing activities (889) (235) 
Cash flow from financing activities 
Proceeds from issue of Restricted Tier 1 notes 22 – 297 
Payment of Restricted Tier 1 coupon 22 (12) – 
Proceeds from issue of interest-bearing liabilities and drawdowns on other borrowings 51 391 
Repayment of interest-bearing liabilities and other borrowings (194) (983) 
Principal repayment of lease liabilities (135) (130) 
Payment of interest on lease liabilities 18 (46) (47) 
Interest paid 17 (64) (83) 
Net (payments)/receipts on settlement of hedging instruments (57) 8 
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (2) (1) 
Net cash used in financing activities (459) (548) 
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (382) 136 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year¹ 1,850 1,805 
Effect of exchange rate changes 11 (91) 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year¹˒² 
-
15 1,479 1,850 
1. Refer to Note 1.5a for details of the restatements. 
2. Includes restricted cash of £78m (2021: £112m) which are considered cash and cash equivalents along with bank overdrafts of £2m (2021: £1m) which 
are not considered as a component of cash and cash equivalents within Note 15. 
Notes 1-28 form part of these consolidated financial statements. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 123 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
                   
                  
                
               
                 
  
     
              
    
                
    
              
   
                
    
              
       
                
    
   
              
      
   
               
    
     
              
     
     
               
  
                    
  
                 
      
                
    
              
                   
        
          
      
       
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Foreign 
Property Income and exchange Total Restricted Non-
revaluation expenditure translation attributable Tier 1 controlling Total 
reserve reserve reserve to Bupa notes interests equity 
Note £m £m £m £m £m £m £m 
2022 
Balance as at 1 January 2022 655 6,502 (13) 7,144 297 17 7,458 
Initial application of IAS 29 1.7 – (84) 105 21 – – 21 
Balance as at 1 January 2022, 
as restated 655 6,418 92 7,165 297 17 7,479 
(Loss)/profit for the year – (521) – (521) – 3 (518) 
Other comprehensive income/ 
(expense) 
Unrealised loss on revaluation of 
property 4 (44) – – (44) – – (44) 
Realised revaluation profit on 
disposal of property (6) 6 – – – – – 
Remeasurement loss on pension 
schemes 7 – (128) – (128) – – (128) 
Foreign exchange translation 
differences on goodwill 3 – – 112 112 – – 112 
Other foreign exchange translation 
differences 17 2 325 344 – 2 346 
Net loss on hedge of net investment 
in overseas subsidiaries – – (80) (80) – – (80) 
Share of other comprehensive 
income of equity-accounted 
investments – 2 – 2 – – 
Change in fair value of financial 
investments through other 
comprehensive income – (4) – (4) – – (4) 
Release of foreign exchange 
translation reserve on closure of 
subsidiaries – – 4 4 – – 4 
Taxation credit on income and 
expense recognised directly in other 
comprehensive income 2.6 12 47 – 59 – – 59 
Other comprehensive (expense)/ 
income for the year, net of taxation (21) (75) 361 265 – 2 267 
Total comprehensive (expense)/ 
income for the year (21) (596) 361 (256) – 5 (251) 
Payment of Restricted Tier 1 coupon, 
net of taxation 22 – (10) – (10) – – (10) 
Dividends paid to non-controlling 
interests – – – – – (2) (2) 
Balance as at 31 December 2022 634 5,812 453 6,899 297 20 7,216 
Notes 1-28 form part of these consolidated financial statements. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 
2 
124 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
                     
                   
  
   
                  
   
                   
   
                 
  
   
                
   
                 
      
   
                
   
   
 
                
     
  
  
                 
     
    
   
                 
     
                
   
   
    
                 
  
      
                
  
   
                
     
                
   
                 
     
                
        
          
      
       
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity continued 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 
2021 
Balance as at 1 January 2021 
Note 
Property 
revaluation 
reserve 
£m 
699 
Income and 
expenditure 
reserve 
£m 
6,147 
Cash 
flow 
hedge 
reserve 
£m 
21 
Foreign 
exchange 
translation 
reserve 
£m 
263 
Total 
attributable 
to Bupa 
£m 
7,130 
Restricted 
Tier 1 
notes 
£m 
– 
Non-
controlling 
interests 
£m 
18 
Total 
equity 
£m 
7,148 
Profit for the year – 358 – – 358 – 3 361 
Other comprehensive 
income/(expense) 
Unrealised loss on 
revaluation of property 4 (26) – – – (26) – – (26) 
Realised revaluation profit 
on disposal of property (4) 4 – – – – – – 
Remeasurement loss on 
pension schemes 7 – (5) – – (5) – – (5) 
Foreign exchange 
translation differences on 
goodwill 3 – – – (126) (126) – – (126) 
Other foreign exchange 
translation differences (20) (6) – (211) (237) – (3) (240) 
Net gain on hedge of net 
investment in overseas 
subsidiaries – – – 62 62 – – 
Share of other 
comprehensive income of 
equity-accounted 
investments – 6 – – 6 – – 6 
Change in fair value of 
financial investments 
through other 
comprehensive income 
Realised gain on disposal of 
financial investments at fair 
value through other 
comprehensive income 
– 
– 
(6) 
1 
– 
– 
– 
– 
(6) 
1 
– 
– 
– 
– 
(6) 
1 
Change in cash flow hedge 
reserve – – (21) – (21) – – (21) 
Taxation credit/(charge) on 
income and expense 
recognised directly in other 
comprehensive income 2.6 6 3 – (1) 8 – – 8 
Other comprehensive 
expense for the year, net of 
taxation (44) (3) (21) (276) (344) – (3) (347) 
Total comprehensive 
(expense)/income for the 
year 
Issue of Restricted Tier 1 
notes 
Dividends paid to non-
controlling interests 
Balance as at 31 December 
2021 
22 
(44) 
– 
– 
655 
355 
– 
– 
6,502 
(21) 
– 
– 
– 
(276) 
– 
– 
(13) 
14 
– 
– 
7,144 
– 
297 
– 
297 
– 
– 
(1) 
17 
14 
297 
(1) 
7,458 
Notes 1-28 form part of these consolidated financial statements. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 
62 
125 
 
 
  
    
         
           
            
         
      
               
                 
              
                 
              
               
  
                   
                
           
                 
                 
      
                 
                
          
     
                 
           
                   
                      
                 
              
                
                
              
        
              
                
               
                  
          
                 
                 
               
         
      
               
               
      
                 
                
                   
  
          
     
       
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
For the year ended 31 December 2022 
Basis of preparation in brief Note 1: 
This section describes the significant accounting policies and accounting 
Basis of estimates and judgements that relate to the financial statements and notes 
as a whole. Where accounting policies relate to a specific note, the 
preparation applicable accounting policies and estimates are contained within the note. 
1.1 Basis of preparation 
The British United Provident Association Limited (‘Bupa’ or the ‘Company’), a company limited by guarantee 
and incorporated in England and Wales and domiciled in the United Kingdom, together with its subsidiaries 
(collectively the ‘Group’) is an international healthcare business, providing health insurance, treatment in clinics, 
dental centres and hospitals, and operating care homes. The Company is the ultimate parent entity of the Group. 
Both the Company Financial Statements and the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared 
in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards, in conformity with the requirements of the 
Companies Act 2006. 
The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 1 March 2023. The Directors have reviewed 
and approved the Group’s accounting policies which have been applied consistently to all the years presented, 
other than the application of IAS 29 described in Note 1.7. 
The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis and under the historical cost convention, modified 
by the revaluation of property, investment property, and financial investments at fair value, and the application of 
IAS 29 to balances in hyperinflationary economies. 
The presentation of line items within the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position is broadly in order of 
liquidity. Current assets and liabilities disclosed in the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are those 
expected to be recovered or settled in less than one year. 
1.2 Basis of consolidation 
The Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 comprise those of the Company 
and its subsidiaries, and the share of results of equity-accounted investments. 
Subsidiaries are those entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when it has power 
over it, is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to 
affect those returns through its power over the entity. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances 
when determining whether control exists and makes a reassessment whenever those facts and circumstances 
change. 
The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements from the date that 
control commences to the date that control ceases. Accounting policies of subsidiaries are aligned on acquisition 
to ensure consistency with Group policies. Intra-group related party transactions and outstanding balances are 
eliminated in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The Group applies the purchase method in accounting for business combinations. The Group recognises 
identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities at fair value, and any non-controlling interests in the acquiree. 
Non-controlling interests in the net assets of subsidiaries are identified separately from the Group’s equity. Non-
controlling interests consist of the amount of those interests at the date of the original acquisition and the non-
controlling shareholder’s share of changes in equity since this date. 
Functional currencies are identified at a statutory entity level. These vary across the Group and include sterling, 
Australian dollar, euro, New Zealand dollar and US dollar. Each Group entity translates its results and financial 
position into the Group’s presentational currency, sterling. Unless otherwise noted, the amounts shown in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements are in millions of pounds sterling (£m). 
1.3 Accounting estimates and judgements 
The preparation of financial statements requires the use of certain accounting estimates and assumptions that 
affect the reported assets, liabilities, income and expenses. It also requires management to exercise judgement 
in applying the Group’s accounting policies. 
The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or where estimates are significant to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements, are set out below. Changes in these estimates could lead to a material 
adjustment to the carrying value of the assets and liabilities in the next financial year. Further detail is in the 
related notes. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 126 
 
 
 
 
                  
                  
                 
 
   
                 
                
                  
                
               
                
                
               
 
                 
                   
                  
        
                     
             
               
        
   
             
            
 
                      
                      
                  
                     
       
 
 
 
                   
      
   
                  
                 
                
                   
             
                
       
                  
                
                 
                   
                  
                 
      
   
                 
                
                
                
 
 
                  
                  
                   
                 
                 
         
   
               
                 
                  
            
 
 
 
                 
                
                  
             
 
                    
                       
                  
          
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Area Details Note 
Goodwill Goodwill and intangible assets are recognised on acquired businesses based on fair values at the date of acquisition. 3 
and Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently 
intangible when there are indicators of impairment. Other intangible assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators 
assets of impairment. 
Sources of estimation uncertainty 
Impairment tests include a number of sources of estimation uncertainty as the key assumptions used when modelling 
the recoverable amount require estimating the discount rate, terminal growth rate and the forecast cash flows. 
Estimation uncertainties within these cash flows vary by CGU. For aged care these include occupancy rates, fee rates, 
staff and agency costs and operating expenses; for provision business, available clinician hours, fee rates and 
operating expenses; and for insurance business, future insurance premium rises, claims volatility and claims inflation. 
Key estimation uncertainty in the period has been driven by economic volatility including the associated inflationary 
pressures across Bupa's key markets. This has primarily impacted the determination of appropriate discount rates. In 
addition, there is increased uncertainty in the underlying cash flow forecasts driven by this economic uncertainty. 
Accounting judgements 
Judgement has been applied to determine whether there are indications of impairment to intangible assets. In making 
this judgement, the Group has considered current trading and future plans associated with each of the assets in order 
to assess whether a full impairment assessment is required. Judgement has also been applied in the methodology used 
for allocating impairment across assets within the related CGU. 
Property 
valuations 
The Group has a significant portfolio of care home, hospital and office properties. These are subject to periodic and at 
least triennial valuations performed by external independent valuers, with directors’ valuations performed in 
intervening years. In addition, the Group has a significant portfolio of investment properties, primarily retirement 
villages in New Zealand. These properties are revalued annually. 
4,5 
Sources of estimation uncertainty 
Significant assumptions for freehold property are normalised earnings, average occupancy and capitalisation rates, 
whereas for investment property key assumptions are discount and capital growth rates. 
Accounting judgements 
In valuing care home property, a judgement is made on the highest and best use of the property. In the majority of 
cases this leads to the property being valued as part of a group of assets making up a going concern business using 
market-based assumptions. The business is valued on a fair maintainable trade basis with the fair value thus calculated 
being allocated to plant and equipment and bed licences where applicable at net book value (as a proxy for fair value), 
with the residual value being allocated to property. 
Defined 
benefit 
The Group’s principal defined benefit scheme is in the UK, The Bupa Pension Scheme. The scheme closed to future 
accrual as at 31 December 2020. 
7 
pension 
obligations Sources of estimation uncertainty 
External actuarial advice has been taken in setting the assumptions used in the valuation of the defined benefit 
pension obligations, which are the discount rate, rates of inflation, salary increases and mortality. As defined benefit 
schemes are long-term in nature these assumptions can be subject to uncertainty. In particular, inflation assumptions 
are term dependent and, due to recent increases in inflation, will reflect higher inflation expectations in the near term 
followed by an assumed fall back to more average rates over the longer term. 
Claims 
provisioning 
Unearned 
premium 
provisioning 
Provisions 
and 
contingent 
liability 
Estimates included in the provisions arising from insurance contracts include expected claims payments and expenses 
required to settle existing insurance contract obligations. 
A deferred claim provision continues to be held within the outstanding claims provision in respect of the health 
insurance business in Australia, where the Australian prudential regulator (APRA) had mandated the need to provide 
for the rebound of claims following COVID-19 disruption, triggering a constructive obligation for the Group to pay 
claims in relation to the disrupted business. The estimated cost of claims expected to rebound after the reporting date 
has been calculated as a proportion (the deferral factor) of the observed shortfall in incurred claims, compared with 
pre-COVID-19 expectations. This has been recognised on a best estimate basis, together with an allowance for claims 
handling costs and an additional risk margin. 
Sources of estimation uncertainty 
The key assumptions used in the calculation of the outstanding claims provision include claims development, margin of 
prudence, claims costs inflation, medical trends and seasonality. In respect of the deferred claim provision, significant 
assumptions include forecasting the insurance claims that remain deferred at the reporting date following periods of 
significant COVID-19 disruption and the percentage of those claims which are likely to rebound in the future. 
The unearned premium provision includes a return of premium provision in respect of the UK Private Medical Insurance 
(PMI) business. In April 2020, Bupa Insurance Limited made a commitment to pass back to customers any exceptional 
financial benefits experienced by the UK PMI business that ultimately arise as a result of COVID-19. The provision has 
been calculated based on estimating the ultimate net reduction in claims costs attributable to COVID-19, adjusted to 
take into account incremental costs and profit impacts attributable to COVID-19, and deducting the estimated costs of 
deferred claims expected to rebound and COVID-19 related claims inflation. 
Sources of estimation uncertainty 
Significant assumptions for the return of premium provision include forecasting the insurance claims that remain 
deferred at the reporting date following COVID-19 disruption, including the timing and amount of claims that are 
expected to rebound, and in calculating the exceptional financial benefits that are expected to be experienced by the 
business, including the identification of incremental costs and profit impacts attributable to COVID-19. 
The Group has circumstances arising over the ordinary course of business, including losses which might arise from 
litigation, disputes, and interpretation of tax law or local regulations. Judgement is exercised in determining whether 
the circumstances should give rise to the recognition of provisions or contingent liabilities. In the case of material 
contingent liabilities further judgment is required in arriving at appropriate disclosure of such matters. 
Accounting judgement 
Significant judgment has been applied in assessing the contingent liability that has arisen in Chile as a result of the 
ruling issued by the Supreme Court in Chile that obliges Isapres to make use of a specific table of risk factors. As the 
relevant regulator, the Chilean Superintendent of Health has six months to apply the ruling there is currently significant 
uncertainty as to what the impacts could be on the business. 
19 
19 
28 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 127 
    
                 
                
                   
              
             
                 
                  
                
               
                
              
                 
                
                 
                  
                  
               
                 
             
  
                
                   
                   
               
        
                  
      
          
             
                
                    
                 
                  
        
                     
                    
                   
                 
                  
      
                 
                
                    
                     
                  
                
              
               
                   
  
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
1.4 Going concern 
Following a detailed assessment of the Group’s going concern status based on its current position and forecast 
results, along with scenario-based stress testing and reverse stress testing, the Directors have concluded that the 
Group has adequate resources to operate for at least the next 12 months from the approval of these financial 
statements. This assessment considered forecast and reasonably possible adverse changes to the Group’s liquidity, 
regulatory solvency, access to funding and trading profitability over the next 12 months. 
The assessment identified the risks and uncertainties most likely to impact the Group and considered the impact 
on the Group’s businesses under a number of reasonably plausible severe scenarios as well as consideration of 
contingent liabilities. This included a broad range of potential adverse outcomes from the Chile Supreme Court 
judgment described in Note 28, including scenarios that considered materially worse outcomes than the Solvency 
II capital allocated against the contingency given the inherent uncertainty surrounding the implementation of the 
Supreme Court judgement. Other scenarios considered included a worsening of the global inflationary outlook 
driven by strong wage inflation leading to a wage-price inflation spiral and subsequent recession, and a variety 
of local scenarios developed by each business unit with the majority focusing on strategic workforce-related 
risks impacting either the availability or cost of staff. Under each such scenario, significant short-term reductions 
in profitability arise, however the Group would still remain within its risk appetites for liquidity and regulatory 
solvency. Additionally, the Group has access to a £900m revolving credit facility (RCF) as described in Note 17(c). 
The Group expects to remain compliant with the RCF’s covenants under stressed scenarios and may further 
draw down on the RCF in order to meet liquidity needs. Additional management actions would allow downside 
impacts to be further mitigated by reducing expenditure, obtaining additional funding or divesting investments 
or businesses. 
Details of the Group’s business activities, together with the factors likely to affect its future development, 
performance and position, are set out in the Strategic Report on pages 1-48. The financial position of the Group, 
its cash flows, liquidity position and borrowing facilities are described in the Financial Review on pages 9-12. The 
Directors’ assessment of the Group’s longer-term viability over a three-year period is described on pages 98-99. 
1.5 Restatements and changes in accounting policies 
Except for the changes detailed in (a) below, the Group has consistently applied its accounting policies to all 
periods presented in these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
(a) IFRS Interpretations Committee decision Demand Deposits with Restrictions on Use 
arising from a Contract with a Third Party (IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows) 
In March 2022, the IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRS IC) published its final agenda decision Demand Deposits 
with Restrictions on Use arising from a Contract with a Third Party (IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows). This agenda 
decision considered whether an entity should include a demand deposit as a component of cash and cash 
equivalents in its statement of cash flows and financial position when the demand deposit is subject to contractual 
restrictions on use agreed with a third party. 
The IFRS IC concluded that restrictions on the use of a demand deposit arising from a contract with a third party 
do not result in the deposit no longer being cash unless those restrictions result in the deposit no longer meeting 
the definition of cash. A deposit still meeting this definition would be presented as part of cash and cash 
equivalents on the statement of financial position, although it could be presented separately if relevant to an 
understanding of an entity's financial position. Such a deposit would also be considered part of cash and cash 
equivalents on the statement of cash flows. 
The Group has reviewed the nature of its restricted assets and concluded that certain amounts should be 
considered part of cash and cash equivalents on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The Consolidated 
Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 2021 has therefore been restated, resulting in an increase in the cash 
and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year of £100m and an increase in the cash and cash equivalents at 
the end of the year of £112m. Cash held in restricted assets has been decreased by £12m. 
This restatement had no impact on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. All restricted assets continue 
to be presented separately on the face of the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. 
(b) Other 
A number of other amended standards and interpretations became applicable for the current reporting period. 
The Group did not have to change its accounting policies or make retrospective adjustments as a result of 
adopting these amendments. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 128 
      
                
                 
   
                  
                   
                 
              
               
                 
               
        
                     
                
                  
                 
               
               
       
                
                      
                    
                
                    
                  
                  
     
                 
               
                  
                  
                  
                
              
               
                  
                  
                
                     
                    
                   
                
                 
                 
                  
                    
   
                 
                
                 
               
              
                   
                 
                  
             
                 
                  
              
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
1.6 Forthcoming financial reporting requirements 
A number of financial reporting standards, amendments and interpretations have been issued but are not effective 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 and have not been early adopted by the Group. These include: 
(a) IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts 
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts was issued in May 2017 as a replacement for IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts, with 
amendments to IFRS 17 issued in June 2020 and December 2021. The final standard is effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2023. IFRS 17 requires a current measurement model where estimates are 
remeasured each reporting period. Under the general measurement model (GMM), contracts are measured using 
the building blocks of discounted probability-weighted cash flows, an explicit risk adjustment, and a contractual 
service margin (CSM) representing the unearned profit of the contract which is recognised as revenue over the 
coverage period. An optional, simplified premium allocation approach (PAA), similar in nature to the Group’s 
existing measurement basis, is permitted for eligible short-duration contracts. 
IFRS 17 is an insurance standard and although the definition of insurance risk is the same as under IFRS 4, the 
criteria allowing contracts to be dealt with under another standard are more stringent and therefore additional 
business may fall within the scope of IFRS 17. The Group has reviewed contracts issued to customers by non-
insurance businesses against the definition of insurance risk within IFRS 17. Where there are contract features that 
could indicate the transfer of insurance risk, management has reviewed and considered detailed contract terms 
and analysed supporting profitability data. The Group has concluded that no additional contracts are brought 
into scope on adoption of IFRS 17. 
In applying the standard, Bupa has reviewed the Group’s insurance and reinsurance contracts and considered the 
contract boundary for each type of policy. The majority of policies have a coverage period of one year or less. As a 
result, the Group has taken the available policy choice to apply the PAA to these contracts. This approach leads to 
simplified measurement and presentation relative to the GMM. The liability for incurred claims (LFIC) is consistent 
under the GMM and the PAA and due to the accounting policy choices made by the Group is materially unchanged 
from outstanding claims provision under IFRS 4. The LFIC is made up of the best estimate outstanding claims 
provision, expenses already incurred but not yet paid in relation to claims and the cost of handling incurred 
claims at the reporting date. 
The liability for remaining coverage (LFRC) under the PAA is valued at initial recognition based on premium 
received, less any directly attributable acquisition costs deferred. In subsequent periods, the LFRC is amortised 
to recognise the revenue and insurance expenses (insurance acquisition cash flows) on a passage of time basis 
over the coverage period. If certain acquisition cash flows paid on new contracts are allocated to future renewals, 
outside the boundary of the current contract, the deferred portion is recognised in the carrying amount of the 
related portfolio of the insurance contract issued. Revenue recognition is consistent with IFRS 4; however, the 
balance sheet presentation differs as deferred acquisition costs relating to contracts already recognised, and 
insurance receivables are no longer shown as separate assets but are included within the LFRC. 
Under the PAA, a risk adjustment is recognised on all LFIC balances and LFRC balances for onerous contracts 
issued. The Group has taken the decision to use a confidence level technique to estimate the risk adjustment, 
this leads to a value that is consistent with the margin of prudence under IFRS 4. 
The Group has a small number of policy groups with a coverage period of greater than a year. For these groups 
of contracts, the Group has assessed whether the measurement of the LFRC under the PAA is expected to differ 
materially from that under the general model. This required the use of a model of the GMM and materiality 
thresholds determined by management for these policies, as well as the selection of reasonably expected scenarios 
against which eligibility is assessed. The majority of contracts are eligible for the PAA measurement model either 
automatically or through assessment, but there are small amounts of business around the Group which are not 
eligible and require measurement under the GMM. The Group has a legacy portfolio of individual health contracts in 
Brazil with a contract boundary of greater than one year; these contracts are onerous and a GMM valuation is used 
in the LFRC. 
IFRS 17 defines a portfolio of insurance contracts as ‘Insurance contracts subject to similar risks and managed 
together’. As the Group essentially sells one ‘health insurance’ product line, where cash flows are generally 
expected to respond similarly in direction and timing to changes in assumptions, and the Group manages the 
insurance business at geographic ‘Business Unit’ level, the Group has defined portfolios as insurance Business 
Units at a minimum, with further disaggregation if there are other business lines. 
Under the PAA, a portfolio is the level at which policyholder assets and liabilities are presented in the statement 
of financial position. Further segmentation is required into groups of contracts for the identification of onerous 
contracts. There is a presumption under the PAA that no contracts are onerous unless there are facts and 
circumstances that indicate otherwise. However, the requirement to identify onerous contracts means that 
business is generally accounted for at a level lower than portfolios, being profitability groupings. This is the 
basis on which the standard requires various assessments to be made, e.g. PAA eligibility, and therefore the 
determination of the unit of account is a key judgement in applying IFRS 17. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 129 
              
                
                 
                  
                   
              
    
                   
                         
        
                  
                  
                 
                    
                   
                 
       
                     
                
                    
      
                 
                
                 
                 
                  
                     
                  
                
                   
                  
        
                
     
   
              
                 
               
                
                
               
         
  
                 
              
              
                
  
                  
               
                  
                  
                 
   
                
                     
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
To identify potentially onerous contracts, the Group has considered information reviewed by senior management 
in monitoring financial performance. Where facts and circumstances are identified that may indicate an onerous 
contract exists, detailed testing is performed, and any loss component is valued under GMM by estimating the 
fulfilment cash flows and an assessment of the risk adjustment using a confidence level approach and included in 
the LFRC. As a consequence of onerous contracts testing occurring at a more granular level, there may be more 
loss components recognised under IFRS 17 than unexpired risk provisions recognised following liability adequacy 
testing under IFRS 4. 
Discounting is optional for the LFRC carrying amount if the time between providing each part of the coverage and 
the related premium is one year or less and is optional for the LFIC if claims are expected to be paid in one year or 
less from the date the claims are incurred. 
The Group’s default policy decision is not to discount, as the majority of policies meet the conditions outlined 
above and the effect of discounting on the remaining policies is not expected to be material. However, businesses 
can seek approval from the Chief Actuary to discount in exceptional circumstances. It is expected that Bupa 
Acıbadem Sigorta will apply discounting to both the LFRC and LFIC due to the high interest rate and high inflation 
environment in Türkiye. The LFRC for the legacy individual health policies in Brazil will be discounted due to the 
long-term nature of these contracts. Where discounting is applied, the Group policy is to use European Insurance 
and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA) specified discount rates. 
For groups of contracts where all contracts have a coverage period of one year or less, the Group has taken the 
policy decision available to expense insurance acquisition cash flows as incurred. Where the contracts within a 
group have a coverage period that is greater than one year, this policy choice is not available and these amounts 
are deferred over the renewal period. 
On transition, IFRS 17 should be applied retrospectively and the alternative approaches set out in the standard 
should only be used when retrospective application is impracticable. Due to the short-term nature of Bupa’s 
contracts, with most contracts measured using the PAA, Bupa will apply the fully retrospective approach in all 
cases except for the legacy individual health policies in Brazil, where a fair value approach will be used. 
By applying the PAA and taking the policy choices set out above, the Group’s revenue recognition is consistent 
with that used under IFRS 4. The Group’s net assets at transition on 1 January 2022 are reduced by an estimated 
£55m. This is due to the derecognition of deferred acquisition costs assets and the recognition of loss component 
on onerous contracts, offset by the derecognition of both deferred claims liabilities and the premium deferral 
provision in our Australian insurance business, as these are not included under IFRS 17. The requirements of IFRS 17 
mean the reduced premium received from customers is recognised on a passage of time basis over the coverage 
period and the premium deferral provision is derecognised. 
The Group’s implementation project is well progressed, and the Group is well prepared for the reporting 
requirements from 1 January 2023 onwards. 
(b) IAS 1 amendments 
In February 2021, the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) issued Disclosure of Accounting Policies 
(Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2) to help improve accounting policy disclosures for the 
primary users of financial statements. Entities must disclose material accounting policies, rather than the current 
requirement to disclose significant accounting policies, and the concept of materiality in the context of accounting 
policies is further defined. The amendments are effective from 1 January 2023. The application of these 
amendments is currently being evaluated by the Group. The amendments are expected to impact Group 
disclosures, but have no impact on recognition or measurement. 
(c) IAS 8 amendments 
Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS 8) was issued by the IASB in February 2021. The 
amendments introduce the definition of accounting estimates and include further amendments to help entities 
distinguish changes in accounting estimates from changes in accounting policies. The amendments are effective 
from 1 January 2023. These amendments are not expected to have a material impact on the Group. 
(d) IAS 12 amendments 
In May 2021, the IASB issued Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 
(Amendments to IAS 12) removing an existing deferred tax recognition exemption for transactions that give 
rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences on initial recognition. A lessee’s recognition of assets 
and liabilities on inception of a lease is potentially such a transaction, depending on applicable tax law. The 
amendments are effective from 1 January 2023. These amendments are not expected to have a material impact 
on the Group. 
(e) Other 
A number of other amendments to standards and interpretations have been issued and are not yet effective 
for the year ended 31 December 2022. None of these are expected to have a material impact on the Group. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 130 
         
               
                  
                  
                   
                     
                     
                
                  
              
                 
                   
                
              
              
              
 
                   
                   
                 
                   
                 
      
                   
                   
                         
                   
                  
                 
   
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
1.7 IAS 29 Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies 
Türkiye is now a hyperinflationary economy and IAS 29 Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies is 
required to be applied from June 2022 onwards. As a consequence, the results and balances for the Group's 
Turkish operations have been adjusted for changes in the general purchasing power of the Turkish lira. In order 
to make this adjustment the Group refers to the consumer price index (CPI) published by the Turkish Statistical 
Institute. The value of CPI at 31 December 2022 was 1,128.40 and the movement in CPI for the year ended 
31 December 2022 was 441.45, an increase of 64.3%. A loss of £87m arising from the devaluation of net monetary 
assets has been recognised within net financial expense in the Consolidated Income Statement. This is partially 
offset by the impact of indexing amounts in the Consolidated Income Statement for the application of IAS 29, 
with the net impact reducing profit before tax by £31m for the year. 
All Turkish lira amounts, including transactions in the Income Statement during the year, are translated to the 
Group's presentation currency of sterling, using the closing exchange rate in effect on 31 December 2022 of 22.58. 
The impact of this adjustment is recorded within other foreign exchange translation differences in the Consolidated 
Statement of Comprehensive Income and within the foreign exchange translation reserve in the Consolidated 
Statement of Financial Position. The Group recognises the remaining exchange difference arising on consolidation 
within other foreign exchange translation differences through other comprehensive income in the foreign exchange 
translation reserve. 
Prior periods have not been restated for the introduction of hyperinflation. The impact as at 1 January 2022 has 
been recorded as an opening balance adjustment in the current year. This includes an adjustment of £(84)m to the 
income and expenditure reserve in respect of adjusting balances for changes in the general purchasing power of 
the Turkish lira to that date, and adjustments to the foreign exchange translation reserve of £105m for the impact 
of translating the opening balances using the closing 31 December 2021 exchange rates, in addition to the 
remaining exchange differences arising on consolidation. 
The split of the opening balance adjustment is consistent with how the current period impacts are reported and will 
be applied consistently in future years. Of the opening balance adjustment of £21m, £(6)m is in respect of deferred 
tax and is shown in Note 11; £25m is in respect of goodwill and intangible assets and is shown in Note 3; £6m is in 
respect of deferred acquisition costs and is shown in Note 12; and £(4)m is in respect of unearned premium 
provision and is shown in Note 19. The net impact of applying hyperinflationary accounting has been excluded from 
underlying profit and included within realised and unrealised FX gains/losses as this is how the Group measures 
performance of the business. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 131 
 
 
 
   
           
          
           
           
            
          
         
          
 
   
          
             
  
            
             
             
 
 
        
            
              
              
             
     
       
              
  
      
      
      
 
 
            
        
         
            
    
           
          
   
            
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Operating segments in brief Note 2: 
The organisational structure of the Group is managed through three Market 
Operating Units based on geographic locations and customers: Bupa Asia Pacific; 
Europe and Latin America; and Bupa Global and UK. Management monitors 
segments the operating results of the Market Units separately to assess performance 
and make decisions about the allocation of resources. Bupa China and the 
Group’s associate investments, Bupa Arabia and Niva Bupa, are reported 
within other businesses. The segmental disclosures below are reported 
consistently with the way the business is managed and reported internally. 
Reportable segments Service and products 
Bupa Asia 
Pacific 
Bupa Health Insurance: Health insurance, international health cover in Australia 
Bupa Health Services: Health provision services relating to dental, optical, audiology and medical 
assessments and therapy 
Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia: Nursing, residential, respite care and residential villages 
Bupa Villages and Aged Care New Zealand: Nursing, residential, respite care and residential villages 
Bupa Hong Kong: Domestic health insurance, primary healthcare and day care clinics including 
diagnostics 
Europe and Sanitas Seguros: Health insurance and related products in Spain 
Latin America Sanitas Dental: Insurance and dental services through clinics and third-party networks in Spain 
Sanitas Hospitales and New Services: Management and operation of hospitals and health clinics in 
Spain 
Sanitas Mayores: Nursing, residential and respite care in care homes and day centres in Spain 
LUX MED: Medical subscriptions, health insurance, and the management and operation of diagnostics, 
health clinics and hospitals in Poland 
Bupa Acıbadem Sigorta: Domestic health insurance in Türkiye 
Bupa Chile: Domestic health insurance and the management and operation of health clinics and 
hospitals in Chile 
Care Plus: Domestic health insurance in Brazil 
Bupa Mexico: Domestic health insurance in Mexico 
Bupa Global Latin America: International health insurance 
Bupa Global Bupa UK Insurance: Domestic health insurance, and administration services for Bupa health trusts 
and UK Bupa Dental Care UK: Dental services and related products 
Bupa Care Services: Nursing, residential, respite care and care villages 
Bupa Health Services: Clinical services, health assessment related products and management and 
operation of a private hospital 
Bupa Global: International health insurance to individuals, small businesses and corporate customers 
Associate: Highway to Health (United States of America) (operating as GeoBlue) 
Other Bupa China: Clinical services 
businesses Associates: Bupa Arabia (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia) and Niva Bupa (India): Health insurance 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 132 
 
                
               
                 
                 
          
                  
                
                 
                  
               
                    
                
   
       
               
           
               
                  
                 
      
            
              
 
             
             
                 
     
               
                  
                    
   
               
                
            
                  
  
 
 
  
      
 
 
                      
                       
                     
                       
     
                     
                     
    
                    
 
      
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Underlying profit 
A key performance measure of operating segments utilised by the Group is underlying profit. This measurement 
basis distinguishes underlying profit from other constituents of the IFRS reported profit before taxation, not 
directly related to the trading performance of the business. Updates have been made to the definition of 
underlying profit in 2022 due to the Australian Government announcement on the deregulation of bed licences and 
as a result of Türkiye becoming a hyperinflationary economy in 2022. 
The Group holds £50m (2021: £83m) of bed licences within Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia. In September 
2021, following the Australian Government's announcement of the deregulation of bed licences from 1 July 2024, 
the Group reviewed the amortisation term and updated them from having an indefinite useful life to being 
amortised over the period to 1 July 2024. From 2022, bed licence amortisation has been removed from underlying 
profit as it is not considered to relate directly to the trading performance of the business. 
The impacts of applying IAS 29 have also been removed from underlying profit as this is how the Group measures 
the performance of the business. These impacts have been recognised within the realised and unrealised foreign 
exchange gains/losses category below. 
The following items are excluded from underlying profit: 
▪ Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets arising on business combinations – these impairments are not 
considered to be reflective of the in-year trading performance of the business. 
▪ Net gains/losses on disposal of businesses and transaction costs on business combinations – gains/losses on 
disposal of businesses that are material and one-off in nature to the reportable segment are not considered part 
of the continuing business. Transaction costs that relate to material acquisitions or disposals are not related to 
the ongoing trading performance of the business. 
▪ Net property revaluation gains/losses – short-term fluctuations which would distort underlying trading 
performance. This includes unrealised gains or losses on investment properties, deficit on revaluations and 
impairment losses. 
▪ Realised and unrealised foreign exchange gains/losses – fluctuations outside of management control, which 
would distort underlying trading performance. This includes the net impact of applying hyperinflationary 
accounting. 
▪ Gains/losses on return-seeking assets, net of hedging – fluctuations on investments that are not considered to be 
directly related to underlying trading performance. 
▪ Amortisation of bed licences – Following the Australian Government's announcement of the deregulation of bed 
licences from 1 July 2024, their amortisation term was reviewed and updated from having an indefinite useful life 
to amortising over the period to 1 July 2024. The impact of this is not considered reflective of the trading 
performance of the business. 
▪ Other Market Unit/Group non-underlying items – includes items that are considered material to the reportable 
segment or Group and are not reflective of ongoing trading performance. This includes items such as 
restructuring costs and profit or loss amounts related to changes to strategic investments. 
The total underlying profit of the reportable segments is reconciled below to profit before taxation expense in the 
Consolidated Income Statement. 
(i) Revenues 
Europe and Latin Bupa Global and 
Bupa Asia Pacific America UK Other businesses Total 
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m 
Gross insurance premiums 4,367 4,241 3,026 2,663 2,636 2,323 – – 10,029 9,227 
Premiums ceded to reinsurers (7) (5) (28) (22) (97) (75) – – (132) (102) 
Internal reinsurance (64) (53) – – 64 53 – – – – 
Net insurance premiums earned 4,296 4,183 2,998 2,641 2,603 2,301 – – 9,897 9,125 
Care, health and other customer 
contract revenue 1,282 1,264 1,550 1,354 1,135 1,081 – – 3,967 3,699 
Other revenue 60 51 12 9 14 14 7 5 93 79 
Total revenues for reportable 
segments 5,638 5,498 4,560 4,004 3,752 3,396 7 5 13,957 12,903 
Consolidated total revenues 13,957 12,903 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 133 
   
 
  
      
 
    
                    
     
    
   
      
 
    
     
                    
     
    
                      
   
                    
    
                     
                       
    
                    
      
   
       
     
  
      
 
                 
                   
                     
                   
                        
                      
           
                      
                    
                  
   
                
 
  
      
 
   
                       
    
                    
   
                     
    
                    
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
(ii) Segmental result 
Europe and Latin Bupa Global and 
Bupa Asia Pacific America UK Other businesses Total 
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m 
Underlying profit for reportable 
segments¹ 302 222 233 162 25 62 58 45 618 491 
Central expenses and net interest 
margin (43) (86) 
Consolidated underlying profit 
before taxation expense 575 405 
Non-underlying items: 
Impairments of intangible assets 
and goodwill arising on business 
combinations² (108) (18) (161) – (619) – – – (888) (18) 
Net (loss)/gain on disposal of 
businesses and transaction costs 
on business combinations 4 8 (3) 3 (1) 2 (4) – (4) 13 
Net property revaluation (loss)/ 
gain 22 17 5 – (32) (1) – – (5) 16 
Realised and unrealised foreign 
exchange (loss)/gain³ – – (28) (3) 16 7 – 1 (12) 5 
Amortisation of bed licences (34) – – – – – – – (34) – 
Other Market Unit non-underlying 
items⁴ (4) – (16) (9) (4) 22 – – (24) 13 
Group non-underlying items⁵ 4 (14) 
(Loss)/gain on return-seeking 
assets, net of hedging (39) 3 
Total non-underlying items (1,002) 18 
Consolidated (loss)/profit 
before taxation expense (427) 423 
1. Underlying profit for reportable segments includes share of post-taxation results of equity-accounted investments. Other businesses includes Bupa 
Arabia and Niva Bupa. Bupa Global and UK includes Highway to Health. For further information please refer to Note 6. 
2. 2022 includes impairments recognised within Bupa Asia Pacific (Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia), Europe and Latin America (Bupa Chile) and 
Bupa Global and UK (Bupa Dental Care UK and Bupa Care Services). For further information please refer to Note 3. 
3. Within the Europe and Latin America segment, 2022 includes decrease in profit before tax of £31m in Bupa Acıbadem Sigorta arising from the effect 
of IAS 29 Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies. Within the Bupa Global and UK segment, 2022 and 2021 include the foreign exchange 
impact of treating unearned premiums and deferred acquisition costs as non-monetary items. 
4. 2022, within the Europe and Latin America segment, includes £16m restructuring costs. 2021, £22m within the Bupa Global and UK segment includes 
a £40m net gain on the acquisition of the membership and business of CS Healthcare (see Note 24) and restructuring costs. 
5. 2021 includes an £18m loss recognised following the early redemption of £250m of unguaranteed subordinated bonds during the year. 
(iii) Other information 
The Market Unit segmental results set out in table (ii) above include the following material non-cash items: 
Europe and Latin Bupa Global and 
Bupa Asia Pacific America UK Other businesses Total 
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m 
Amortisation and depreciation 
costs for reportable segments (195) (165) (184) (187) (159) (147) – – (538) (499) 
Unrealised gain on investment 
property 28 26 – 1 – – – – 28 27 
(Deficit)/surplus on revaluation 
of property (6) (8) 5 (1) (32) (1) – – (33) (10) 
Share of profits/(losses) from 
associates – – – – 3 (3) 50 45 53 42 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 134 
  
             
 
    
                     
                      
 
                
   
 
   
         
         
         
        
 
  
  
                
                 
                  
       
                    
                  
                
   
                
                
                
                   
 
   
  
 
                  
                  
                   
                   
            
                
                
                     
                
 
                  
               
                
                   
                    
                   
                 
                     
     
                 
                   
                
               
           
   
               
      
              
                  
                 
                  
             
                
                  
        
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
(iv) Geographical information 
The following information has been provided based on the geographical location of the business: 
Australasia United Kingdom Spain Rest of the World Total 
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m 
Total revenues 5,101 5,023 3,547 3,161 1,945 1,776 3,364 2,943 13,957 12,903 
Consolidated non-current assets¹ 3,267 3,281 2,712 3,434 708 691 1,641 1,575 8,328 8,981 
1. Consolidated non-current assets exclude financial investments, restricted assets, assets arising from insurance business, deferred taxation assets and 
post-employment benefit net assets. 
Revenues in brief Note 2.1: 
The Group generates revenues from its underwriting activities (insurance 
Revenues premiums), trading activities through the provision of healthcare and 
insurance management services (care, health and other customer contract 
revenue) and rental income and other fees (other revenue). 
Revenue stream Recognition policy 
Insurance 
premiums 
Care, health and 
other customer 
contract revenue 
Gross insurance premiums 
Gross insurance premiums represent the premiums earned relating to risk exposure for the reported financial year. 
They comprise gross premiums written, adjusted for the change in provision for unearned premiums that relates to 
periods of risk in subsequent financial years. Premiums are shown gross of commission payable and net of insurance 
premium taxes that may apply in certain jurisdictions. 
In circumstances where a return of premiums is likely to be due to policyholders, a provision for the return of 
premium is established within the provision for unearned premiums based on the best estimate of future cash flows. 
The return of premium is treated as an adjustment to the initial premium, reducing gross insurance premiums. 
Premiums ceded to reinsurers 
Premiums ceded to reinsurers represent reinsurance premiums payable for contracts entered into that relate to risk 
mitigation for the reported ﬁnancial year. These comprise written premiums ceded to reinsurers, adjusted for the 
reinsurers’ share of the movement in the gross provision for unearned premiums. Premiums relating to reinsurance 
treaties are recognised over the period from inception of a treaty to expiration of the related business on a straight-
line basis. 
The Group generates income from the operation of its care homes, hospitals, dental centres and other healthcare and 
wellbeing centres. In instances where Bupa is acting as an agent and another party is primarily responsible for 
fulfilling the contract, revenue is recognised on a net basis. When considering whether the Group is acting as an 
agent or as a principal, factors such as which party is primarily responsible for fulfilling the obligation, bears the 
inventory and credit risk and has discretion in establishing prices are considered. 
These revenue streams typically relate to short-term services that have fixed, rather than variable, transaction prices 
and there are no significant judgements required when considering the time pattern of revenue recognition. Payment 
terms vary from on completion of the service, to payments made monthly in advance. Bupa has the right to bill and 
receive payment for services rendered to date. Contracts for these revenue streams do not transfer significant 
insurance risk. 
The Sanitas Hospitales and New Services revenue stream includes one public hospital in Spain that is operated under 
a separate service concession arrangement granted by the local government (the grantor). Revenue is recognised 
from the construction of infrastructure and from the operation of the hospital. Construction revenues are recognised 
in line with the stage of completion of the work performed. Operational revenues are recognised in the period in 
which the services are provided, based on the average operating margin for the life of the contract. As revenue is 
based on an expected margin, with some potential variability, revenue is only recognised to the extent that it is 
highly probable a significant reversal will not occur when the uncertainty is resolved. Significant changes in margin 
result in a retrospective margin recalculation. The impact of this on prior years is recognised as a margin catch up in 
the year the recalculation is performed. 
Other customer contract revenue includes contracts entered into by the Group’s insurance entities that do not result 
in the transfer of signiﬁcant insurance risk to the Group and are accounted for as service contracts. These contracts 
mainly relate to the administration of claims funds on behalf of corporate customers. Revenues from service 
contracts are recognised as the services are provided. Some of these contracts contain financial liabilities 
representing deposits repayable to the customer. These are measured at amortised cost. 
Other revenue Other revenue comprises: 
▪ Rental income and amenities fees from occupational right agreements, which are recognised on a straight-line 
basis over the term of the arrangement. 
▪ Imputed interest on interest-free refundable accommodation deposits (RADs) in respect of payments for aged 
care units in Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia. Revenue is recognised for the imputed interest on RADs, 
reflecting the Group's position as lessor. Use of the Maximum Permissible Interest Rate (MPIR) is considered most 
appropriate to determine the imputed revenue and interest amounts. The MPIR is a rate set by the Australian 
Government and is used to calculate the Daily Accommodation Payment to applicable residents. 
▪ Government funding received in response to COVID-19, most notably in Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia 
and Hong Kong. Such funding is recognised when it is considered reasonably certain that the funding will be 
received and all necessary conditions have been complied with. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 135 
                  
      
 
   
  
 
  
   
          
          
             
              
          
          
         
         
            
         
         
          
         
         
         
           
           
          
           
          
          
         
           
        
         
          
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Revenue for the year has been analysed at Business Unit level, reflecting the nature of services provided by 
geography that is reported internally to management. 
Care, health and 
other customer 
contract revenue 
2022 
Net insurance 
premiums earned 
2022 
Other revenue 
2022 
Total revenues 
2022 
£m £m £m £m 
Bupa Health Insurance 7 3,957 2 3,966 
Bupa Health Services 614 – 1 615 
Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia 318 – 37 355 
Bupa Villages and Aged Care New Zealand 148 – 17 165 
Bupa Hong Kong 195 339 3 537 
Bupa Asia Pacific 1,282 4,296 60 5,638 
Sanitas Seguros 10 1,295 4 1,309 
Sanitas Dental 119 74 4 197 
Sanitas Hospitales and New Services 305 – 1 306 
Sanitas Mayores 145 – – 145 
LUX MED 568 18 – 586 
Bupa Acıbadem Sigorta – 256 1 257 
Bupa Chile 388 713 1 1,102 
Care Plus 4 268 – 272 
Bupa Mexico 11 155 – 166 
Bupa Global Latin America – 219 1 220 
Europe and Latin America 1,550 2,998 12 4,560 
Bupa UK Insurance 21 1,795 5 1,821 
Bupa Dental Care UK 487 – – 487 
Bupa Care Services 431 – – 431 
Bupa Health Services 196 – 1 197 
Bupa Global – 808 8 816 
Bupa Global and UK 1,135 2,603 14 3,752 
Other – – 7 7 
Other businesses – – 7 7 
Consolidated total revenues 
. 
3,967 9,897 93 13,957 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 136 
 
   
  
 
  
   
          
          
             
              
          
          
         
         
            
         
         
          
         
         
         
           
           
          
           
          
          
         
           
        
         
          
     
      
          
      
         
             
       
       
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Care, health and 
other customer Net insurance 
contract revenue premiums earned Other revenue Total revenues 
2021 2021 2021 2021 
£m £m £m £m 
Bupa Health Insurance 8 3,876 1 3,885 
Bupa Health Services 626 – 1 627 
Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia 317 – 34 351 
Bupa Villages and Aged Care New Zealand 146 – 14 160 
Bupa Hong Kong 167 307 1 475 
Bupa Asia Pacific 1,264 4,183 51 5,498 
Sanitas Seguros 8 1,228 2 1,238 
Sanitas Dental 110 70 3 183 
Sanitas Hospitales and New Services 221 – – 221 
Sanitas Mayores 130 – – 130 
LUX MED 470 13 1 484 
Bupa Acıbadem Sigorta – 166 – 166 
Bupa Chile 392 674 2 1,068 
Care Plus 3 178 – 181 
Bupa Mexico 8 46 – 54 
Bupa Global Latin America 12 266 1 279 
Europe and Latin America 1,354 2,641 9 4,004 
Bupa UK Insurance 18 1,576 4 1,598 
Bupa Dental Care UK 493 – – 493 
Bupa Care Services 401 – – 401 
Bupa Health Services 168 – 1 169 
Bupa Global 1 725 9 735 
Bupa Global and UK 1,081 2,301 14 3,396 
Other – – 5 5 
Other businesses – – 5 5 
Consolidated total revenues 3,699 9,125 79 12,903 
Analysis of net insurance premiums earned 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Gross premiums written 10,319 9,353 
Change in gross provisions for unearned premiums (290) (126) 
Gross insurance premiums 10,029 9,227 
Gross premiums written ceded to reinsurers (137) (109) 
Reinsurers’ share of change in gross provisions for unearned premiums 5 7 
Premiums ceded to reinsurers (132) (102) 
Net insurance premiums earned 9,897 9,125 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 137 
 
 
 
   
         
         
            
             
        
            
             
           
          
       
 
                
                   
                 
                 
        
                
                
               
                  
    
    
               
          
             
 
      
         
           
      
         
            
        
       
                       
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Note 2.2: 
Insurance claims 
Insurance claims in brief 
Insurance claims relate to the Group’s insurance underwriting activities. 
Insurance claims incurred are amounts payable under insurance contracts 
arising from the occurrence of an insured claims episode. A claims episode 
is an insured medical service that the Group has an obligation to fund, 
which could be consultation fees, diagnostic investigations, hospitalisation 
or treatment costs. This includes amounts in relation to claims episodes in 
Australia that have not taken place by the reporting date where the Group 
has a constructive obligation to fund deferred medical services, due to 
regulatory or other public commitments following periods of severe service 
disruption, as has been the case with COVID-19. 
Insurance claims 
Insurance claims incurred comprise insurance claims paid during the year together with related handling costs, the 
movement in the gross provision for claims in the period (which includes a deferred claims provision in respect of 
COVID-19 disruption in the Australian health insurance business that was closed to future accrual of deferred claims 
from 1 October 2022) and the Risk Equalisation Special Account levy for the Australian health insurance business. 
See Note 19.1 for details of the claims provision. 
Private health insurers in Australia provide private health insurance cover through a community rated scheme. To 
avoid adverse selection and ensure the Australian private health insurance scheme is sustainable, a risk equalisation 
mechanism operates to subsidise insurers with higher risk policyholders. The amounts payable or receivable under 
the Risk Specialisation Account are determined by APRA after the end of each quarter. Historically, Bupa has paid 
eligible benefits above the average. 
Reinsurers’ share of claims incurred 
Reinsurers’ share of claims incurred represents recoveries from reinsurers on claims paid, adjusted for the 
reinsurers’ share of the change in the gross provision for claims. 
See Note 12 for the related item in the Statement of Financial Position. 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Insurance claims paid 7,661 7,267 
Change in gross provisions for claims¹ 108 88 
Risk Equalisation Special Account levy (net of recoveries) (43) (61) 
Insurance claims incurred 7,726 7,294 
Recoveries from reinsurers on claims incurred (94) (77) 
Reinsurers’ share of change in gross provisions for claims (3) (2) 
Reinsurers’ share of claims incurred (97) (79) 
Net insurance claims incurred 7,629 7,215 
1. Change in the gross provisions for claims includes £9m in respect of deferred claims provision recognised at 31 December 2022 (2021: £1m). 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 138 
 
 
  
    
         
          
         
            
 
        
  
 
     
     
       
     
        
     
       
     
         
       
     
         
       
           
    
               
 
      
      
        
      
      
            
        
             
                 
                   
               
 
 
               
 
      
       
       
     
    
       
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Note 2.3: Other operating expenses in brief 
Other operating 
expenses 
Other operating expenses include staff costs, medical supplies, overheads, 
depreciation, amortisation of intangible assets, and gains or losses on 
foreign exchange transactions incurred as a consequence of operating 
our businesses. Costs in relation to handling claims are included within 
insurance claims. 
Operating expenses exclude insurance claims, finance costs and taxation. 
Other operating expenses 
2022 2021 
Note £m £m 
Staff costs 2.3.1 2,561 2,438 
Acquisition costs 2.3.2 501 427 
Medical supplies and fees 1,252 1,186 
Property costs 419 251 
Lease rentals and other expenses¹ 24 24 
Marketing costs 136 112 
Catering and housekeeping costs 62 58 
Consultancy fees 167 135 
Net gain on foreign exchange transactions – (4) 
Amortisation of intangible assets 3 206 169 
Depreciation expense 4 334 330 
Other operating expenses (including auditors’ remuneration) 2.3.3 127 111 
Total other operating expenses 5,789 5,237 
1. Includes short-term and low-value lease rentals, and other lease expenses. 
2.3.1 Staff costs 
The below table represents the total employee benefit expenses incurred by the Group during the year. 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Wages and salaries 2,499 2,395 
Social security costs 153 144 
Contributions to defined contribution schemes 58 52 
Other pension costs (2) (2) 
Total staff costs 2,708 2,589 
Staff costs relating to claims handling reported in claims (147) (151) 
Staff costs in operating expenses 2,561 2,438 
Information concerning individual Director's emoluments, interest and transactions is detailed in the Directors’ 
Remuneration Report included on pages 82-96 of this report. For the purposes of the disclosure required by 
Schedule 5 to the Companies Act 2006, the total aggregate emoluments of the Directors in respect of 2022 was 
£6m (2021: £7m). Employer contributions to pensions for Executive Directors for qualifying periods were £nil 
(2021: £nil). 
Employee numbers 
The average number of employees, including Executive Directors, employed by the Group during the year was: 
2022 2021 
Bupa Asia Pacific 
Europe and Latin America 
Bupa Global and UK 
Other businesses 
Group 
Total average employee numbers 
15,811 
42,541 
22,745 
– 
498 
81,595 
17,290 
40,636 
23,151 
4 
519 
81,600 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 139 
    
 
       
       
        
      
            
    
 
             
         
             
         
         
           
       
      
      
                    
                  
                 
        
 
 
  
 
     
            
       
 
        
           
        
            
        
 
                         
         
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
2.3.2 Acquisition costs 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Commission for direct insurance 451 367 
Other acquisition costs paid 73 67 
Changes in deferred acquisition costs (23) (7) 
Total acquisition costs 501 427 
The movement in the deferred acquisition costs asset is detailed in Note 12. 
2.3.3 Auditors' remuneration 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Audit fees for the audit of the Company's annual accounts 0.6 0.5 
Fees payable to the Company's auditor and its associates for: 
Audit fees for audit of Company's subsidiaries required by legislation 9.9 7.4 
Audit fees for audit-related assurance services 1.5 1.6 
Audit fees to the Company's auditors 12.0 9.5 
Fees payable to the Company's auditor and its associates for other services: 
All other non-audit services 0.5 0.2 
Total non-audit fees 0.5 0.2 
Total auditors' remuneration 12.5 9.7 
Audit fees include £1.1m (2021: £nil) in respect of the transition to IFRS 17. Non-audit services fees includes £0.3m in 
respect of assurance over the Group’s 2021 ESG reporting and £0.1m in respect of assurance over internal controls. 
All non-audit services provided during the year were in compliance with the Group’s non-audit services policy, the 
FRC Ethical Standard and approved by the Audit Committee. 
Note 2.4: Other income and charges in brief 
Other income 
Other income and charges comprise income or expenses th
the investing and divesting activities of the Group. 
at are related to 
and charges 
2022 2021 
Note £m £m 
Gain on acquisition of businesses¹ – 
Net (loss)/gain on disposal and restructuring of businesses (4) 
Deficit on revaluation of property 4 (33) (10) 
Net (loss)/gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment (2) 4 
Total other income and charges (39) 
1. 2021 gain on acquisition of businesses includes a £42m gain in relation to the acquisition of the membership and business of CS Healthcare (see Note 
24). This is gross of related transaction costs of £2m. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 
42 
13 
49 
140 
 
 
 
  
     
           
          
 
             
                    
                  
           
                  
                  
                 
  
 
 
           
           
       
  
               
                
    
           
     
        
      
                 
     
 
          
                
                     
  
 
           
            
      
      
 
                     
                      
       
               
                 
    
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Note 2.5: 
Financial 
income and 
expense 
Financial income and expense in brief 
Financial income and expense are earned and incurred from the Group’s 
financial assets and liabilities, and non-financial assets such as investment 
property. 
Financial income 
Interest income is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement, using the effective interest method. 
Changes in the value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are recognised within financial income as 
unrealised gains or losses while the assets are held. Upon derecognition of an asset, the cumulative unrealised gain 
or loss is reversed and a realised gain or loss is recognised. 
Changes in the value of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income are recognised in other 
comprehensive income as an unrealised gain or loss. The cumulative gain or loss recognised in the income and 
expenditure reserve is reclassified to realised gain or loss in the Consolidated Income Statement when the financial 
asset is derecognised. 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Interest income: 
Investments at fair value through profit or loss 61 42 
Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 1 12 
Investments at amortised cost 72 18 
Net realised gain/(loss): 
Net realised (loss)/gain on investments at fair value through profit or loss (13) 3 
Net realised gain/(loss) on financial investments at fair value through other comprehensive income – (1) 
Net movement in fair value: 
Investments at fair value through profit or loss (5) – 
Investment property 28 27 
Net foreign exchange translation gain/(loss) 42 (4) 
Total financial income 186 97 
Included within financial income is a net loss, after currency hedging, on the Group’s return-seeking asset portfolio 
of £39m (2021: net gain £3m). 
Financial expense 
Interest payable on borrowings is calculated using the effective interest method. 
Finance charges in respect of leases and restoration provisions are charged to the Consolidated Income Statement 
over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability 
for each period. 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Interest expense on financial liabilities at amortised cost 100 92 
Finance charges in respect of leases and restoration provisions 46 48 
Other financial expense¹ 29 45 
Total financial expense 175 185 
1. For 2022, includes £6m loss recognised following the early redemption of £47m of inflation-linked senior unsecured bonds, originally due to mature 
on 30 June 2033. For 2021, includes £18m loss recognised following the early redemption of £250m of unguaranteed subordinated bonds during the 
year, originally due to mature in April 2023. 
Other financial expense includes £20m (2021: £23m) of imputed financial expenses in relation to interest-free 
refundable accommodation deposits received by the Group in respect of payment for aged care units in Bupa 
Villages and Aged Care Australia. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 141 
 
 
 
   
            
          
      
                  
                
   
      
                   
                
                     
                  
                   
      
 
  
          
           
        
      
          
           
        
       
  
         
         
       
       
     
                        
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Taxation expense in brief Note 2.6: 
Taxation expense on the profit for the year comprises current and deferred 
Taxation taxation. It considers foreign taxation and double taxation relief and 
includes adjustments in respect of prior periods. 
expense 
Income taxation is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement except to the extent that it relates to items 
recognised directly in other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised directly in the Consolidated 
Statement of Comprehensive Income. 
(i) Recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement 
Current taxation is the expected taxation payable on the taxable profit for the year, using taxation rates enacted or 
substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustments to taxation payable in respect of previous years. 
The Group is subject to taxation audits in the territories in which it operates and considers each issue on its merits 
when deciding whether to hold a provision against the potential tax liability that may arise. However, the amount 
that is ultimately paid could differ from the amount initially recorded and this difference is recognised in the period 
in which such a determination is made. 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Current taxation expense 
UK taxation on income for the year 8 6 
UK taxation adjustments in respect of prior periods (5) (7) 
Total UK current taxation expense/(income) 3 (1) 
Double taxation relief (8) (6) 
Foreign taxation on income for the year 190 179 
Foreign taxation adjustments in respect of prior years¹ – (45) 
Total foreign current taxation expense 190 134 
Total current taxation expense 185 127 
Deferred taxation expense/(income) 
Origination and reversal of temporary differences (80) (69) 
Adjustments in respect of prior periods 6 5 
Changes in taxation rates (20) (1) 
Total deferred taxation income (94) (65) 
Taxation expense 91 62 
1. A favourable decision by the Spanish Supreme Court resulted in the release of a provision of £43m for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 142 
     
 
       
   
          
     
         
         
           
            
      
       
          
    
     
          
          
              
       
    
             
 
                       
        
          
 
     
         
        
           
    
     
        
               
                
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
(ii) Reconciliation of effective taxation rate 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
(Loss)/profit before taxation expense (427) 423 
UK corporation taxation rate 19% 19% 
Tax at the UK corporation taxation rate (81) 80 
Effects of recurring taxation reconciliation items: 
Different taxation rates in foreign jurisdictions 22 34 
Deductions not allowable for taxation purposes 24 24 
Income not taxable or taxable at concessionary rates (18) (10) 
Property revaluation not included as a temporary difference (6) (7) 
Results of associates (11) (9) 
Changes in taxation rates (20) (1) 
Movement in deferred taxation asset not recognised 29 2 
20 33 
Effects of non-recurring taxation reconciliation items: 
Taxation adjustments in respect of prior periods¹ 1 (47) 
Loss on disposal and acquisition of business – (4) 
Impairment of goodwill and other assets not allowable for taxation purposes 142 – 
Non-deductible IAS 29 adjustments² 9 – 
152 (51) 
Taxation expense at the effective rate of -21% (2021 15%) 91 62 
1. A favourable decision by the Spanish Supreme Court resulted in the release of a provision of £43m for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
2. Refer to Note 1.7 for details of the adjustments. 
(iii) Current and deferred taxation recognised directly in other comprehensive income 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Deferred taxation credit in respect of: 
Unrealised loss on revaluation of property 11 6 
Remeasurement loss on pension schemes 47 2 
Other items including foreign exchange translation differences 1 – 
59 8 
Current taxation credit in respect of: 
Restricted Tier 1 coupon payment¹ 2 – 
Taxation credit on income and expenses recognised directly in other comprehensive income 61 8 
1. Included within payment of Restricted Tier 1 coupon of £10m in the Statement of Changes in Equity. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 143 
 
 
  
 
     
           
  
                  
                 
                  
                 
              
                
            
                
                
                 
             
       
  
                  
                
             
               
     
                
          
   
    
   
    
   
       
   
       
           
                
                
        
                   
              
                 
               
                
                      
                
                   
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Goodwill and intangible assets in brief Note 3: 
Goodwill and intangible assets are non-physical assets used by the Group 
Goodwill and to generate revenues. 
intangible 
assets 
Goodwill 
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of a business combination over the fair value of the Group’s share 
of identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the acquired subsidiary at the date of the business 
combination. The carrying value of goodwill may be adjusted up to 12 months from the accounting date of 
acquisition, as the allocation of the purchase price to identifiable intangible assets is finalised within that period. 
Goodwill arising on business combinations is capitalised and presented with goodwill and intangible assets in 
the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. Where the fair value of net assets acquired is greater than 
the consideration paid, the excess is recognised immediately in the Consolidated Income Statement. 
Goodwill is held at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Impairment reviews are performed annually or more 
frequently if there is an indication that the carrying value may be impaired. Impairment reviews are performed 
at the level of the relevant cash-generating unit (CGU). In identifying CGUs, the Group considers the smallest 
identifiable group of assets that generate independent cash inflows, how managers monitor operations and 
the level at which strategic decisions are made. 
Other intangible assets 
Intangible assets, other than goodwill, that are acquired as part of a business combination are recognised at fair 
value which represents cost at acquisition and are subsequently held at cost less accumulated amortisation and 
impairment. Intangible assets acquired separately are held at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment. 
Costs relating to the development of intangible assets, including computer software, are capitalised once all 
development phase recognition criteria are met. 
Amortisation is charged to the Consolidated Income Statement on a straight-line basis as follows, excluding any 
intangible assets to which an indefinite useful life has been attributed: 
▪ Computer software 2-10 years 
▪ Brand and trademarks 3 years-indefinite 
▪ Customer relationships 3-20 years 
▪ Technology and databases 10 years 
▪ Distribution networks 10-14 years 
▪ Present value of acquired in-force business 20 years 
▪ Customer contracts 4-6 years 
▪ Licences to operate care homes Term of licence 
▪ Bed licences in Australia From 1 October 2021 to 1 July 2024 
Intangible assets that are subject to amortisation are reviewed for impairment if circumstances indicate that the 
carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement 
to reduce the carrying amount to the recoverable amount. 
Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life, or not yet available for use, are subject to annual impairment reviews 
or more frequently if there is an indication that the carrying value may be impaired. 
In other intangibles, the Group holds bed licences, with a carrying value of £50m (2021: £83m), with respect 
to Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia CGU. In September 2021, following the Australian Government’s 
announcement of the deregulation of bed licences from 1 July 2024, the Group reviewed the amortisation term 
and reduced it from being an indefinite useful economic life to cover the period from 1 October 2021 to 1 July 2024. 
During 2022, the Group has recognised £34m (2021: £8m) of amortisation in respect of Australian bed licences. 
In addition, an impairment loss of £2m (2021: £10m) was recognised in respect of bed licences no longer in use. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 144 
 
  
               
                
                
            
             
            
             
               
   
               
                
              
             
            
             
             
               
                  
                  
                
                
            
             
                 
             
             
               
   
               
              
             
            
             
             
               
                  
                  
 
        
            
               
             
     
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Computer Brands/ Customer 
Goodwill software Trademarks relationships Other² Total 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
2022 
Cost 
At beginning of year 3,233 1,071 292 924 305 5,825 
Initial application of IAS 29¹ 16 3 2 – 10 31 
Assets arising on business combinations 14 2 3 2 – 21 
Additions – 124 – – – 124 
Disposals (53) (32) (4) (6) (12) (107) 
Other – (5) – – – (5) 
Foreign exchange 139 35 29 36 23 262 
At end of year 3,349 1,198 322 956 326 6,151 
Amortisation and impairment loss 
At beginning of year 784 696 159 442 167 2,248 
Initial application of IAS 29¹ – 2 1 – 3 6 
Amortisation for year – 103 8 53 42 206 
Impairment loss 609 6 22 255 2 894 
Disposals (52) (31) (4) (6) (12) (105) 
Other – (1) – – – (1) 
Foreign exchange 27 21 16 25 11 100 
At end of year 1,368 796 202 769 213 3,348 
Net book value at end of year 1,981 402 120 187 113 2,803 
Net book value at beginning of year 2,449 375 133 482 138 3,577 
2021 
Cost 
At beginning of year 3,440 1,053 336 918 333 6,080 
Assets arising on business combinations 28 – 1 29 4 62 
Additions – 108 – – – 108 
Disposals (52) (63) (13) – (8) (136) 
Transfer to assets held for sale (17) – – – – (17) 
Other (25) 3 – 1 (1) (22) 
Foreign exchange (141) (30) (32) (24) (23) (250) 
At end of year 3,233 1,071 292 924 305 5,825 
Amortisation and impairment loss 
At beginning of year 798 672 165 403 152 2,190 
Amortisation for year – 89 9 56 15 169 
Impairment loss 6 9 – – 12 27 
Disposals – (60) (2) – (4) (66) 
Other (5) 2 – – – (3) 
Foreign exchange (15) (16) (13) (17) (8) (69) 
At end of year 784 696 159 442 167 2,248 
Net book value at end of year 2,449 375 133 482 138 3,577 
Net book value at beginning of year 2,642 381 171 515 181 3,890 
1. Refer to Note 1.7 for details of the adjustments. 
2. Predominantly comprises bed licences, distribution networks and licences to operate care homes. 
Goodwill and intangible assets of £2,803m (2021: £3,577m) include £420m (2021: £753m) attributable to other 
intangible assets arising on business combinations comprising brand and trademarks, customer relationships and 
other in the above table. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 145 
                
               
          
        
                
              
                   
                   
                  
                 
              
               
                 
                  
             
                
    
               
               
                      
                  
                  
                   
                   
                  
                
                 
                     
                   
 
                
               
 
       
       
         
     
     
     
     
     
      
     
       
       
     
                
                   
                     
                  
                    
 
                
                   
 
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Computer software assets with a net book value of £402m (2021: £375m) include £301m (2021: £300m) 
attributable to capitalised internal development costs. The cost attributable to these assets is £661m (2021: 
£587m). £106m of costs (2021: £82m) were capitalised in the year. 
Impairment testing of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets 
Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested at least annually for impairment by 
comparing the net carrying value with the recoverable amount, using value in use calculations. 
In arriving at the value in use for each CGU, key assumptions have been made regarding future projected cash 
ﬂows, discount rates and terminal growth rates. The key business drivers of the cash flow forecasts vary by CGU. 
For aged care, key drivers are occupancy rates, fee rates, staff and agency costs and operating expenses. For 
provision business, the cash flows are driven by number of customers, available clinician hours, fee rates and 
operating expenses. For insurance business, key drivers are assumed business volumes, future insurance premium 
rate rises, claims volatility and claims inflation. Cash ﬂow projections have been calculated from management 
operating proﬁt projections for a five-year period. These are based on the three-year plan which has been 
approved by the Board with further projections added for years four and five. Cash inflows or outflows relating 
to financing activities have been excluded from the estimated future cash flows. 
Taxation has been applied to the pre-taxation management operating proﬁts based on the statutory taxation rates 
in the country of operation. 
Forecast future post-taxation cash ﬂows have been discounted at post-taxation discount rates. Discount rates have 
been derived using a Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC) methodology, representing the minimum return 
a business must earn on its asset base to satisfy providers of capital. Discount rates used for the value in use 
calculations for each of the Group’s CGUs are based on considerations of the systemic risks associated with each 
CGU, as well as external factors such as inflation and local market leverage. These include the market assessment 
of the time value of money and the risks inherent in the relevant country where the cash ﬂows are generated. 
During 2022, global inflation has risen sharply, driven by the aftermath of the pandemic and the war in Ukraine. 
This has resulted in increases to central bank interest rates, leading to increasing and more volatile bond yields. 
In response to the macroeconomic conditions, the Group has reviewed the methodology for calculating WACC 
rates and moved from using a rolling average calculation for obtaining appropriate cost of debt and risk-free 
rate estimates, to using a spot rate approach as it is considered to be more appropriate in the current economic 
environment. The economic situation has driven increases in WACC rates for many of the CGUs as shown in the 
table below. 
The following table summarises the pre-taxation discount rates used for impairment testing for the main CGUs, 
which were determined through grossing up the post-tax discount rates by the applicable corporate taxation rates: 
2022 2021 
% % 
Bupa Australia Health Insurance 10.0 7.4 
Bupa Health Services Australia 13.1 9.3 
Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia 10.3 9.8 
Hong Kong 11.4 10.0 
Bupa Chile 13.0 11.5 
LUX MED 11.1 8.2 
Sanitas Seguros 10.6 8.6 
Sanitas Mayores 10.1 8.0 
Bupa Acıbadem Sigorta 27.7 17.7 
Care Plus 15.8 13.1 
Bupa Care Services 8.5 7.0 
Bupa Dental Care UK 10.5 7.8 
Bupa Global 12.3 11.2 
Cash ﬂow projections beyond the forecast periods have been extrapolated by applying a terminal growth rate 
between 2.0% and 8.5% (2021: 2.0% and 6.6%) for all CGUs. The terminal growth rates represent an estimate of 
the long-term growth rate for each of the CGUs, taking into account the future and past growth rates and external 
sources of data, such as forecast GDP growth rates, inflation and long-term consumer price index rates. The values 
assigned to the key assumptions are based on past experience of the CGUs and assessment of future trends in the 
relevant industry. 
During the year, an impairment loss of £609m was recognised in relation to goodwill. Significant impairments 
have been recognised in Bupa Dental Care UK, Bupa Care Services, Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia and 
Bupa Chile. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 146 
    
                     
                
                      
                    
 
                
                 
                 
        
                  
            
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
                
  
                   
                      
               
     
                 
                    
                     
                 
                 
            
       
 
               
                   
                       
                  
                 
                 
                   
                  
                  
              
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Bupa Dental Care UK 
Bupa Dental Care UK has recognised an impairment of goodwill of £274m, in addition to a £255m write down of its 
customer relationship intangible and a £117m write down of right-of-use assets and property, plant and equipment 
balances. This is due to the recoverable amount on a value in use basis reducing to £221m driven by an increase in 
WACC rates in the period from 7.8% to 10.5% and a deterioration of the underlying forecast cash flows of the 
business. 
Cash flow assumptions are highly sensitive to available clinician hours and to operating expenses. Future medium 
to long-term cash flow forecasts have been reduced in light of the ongoing under-performance of the business. 
Operational challenges have increased in the second half of 2022 due to below target recruitment and retention 
of clinicians and increasing wage and energy costs. 
After impairment, Bupa Dental Care UK has a remaining goodwill balance of £191m. This remains sensitive to further 
impairment should the key assumptions move adversely as shown in the table below. 
Reduction in 
Reduction in headroom Reduction in 
headroom from 0.5% headroom 
from 0.5% reduction in from 10% 
Terminal increase in terminal reduction in 
Headroom Discount rate growth rate discount rate growth rate cash flows 
£m % % £m £m £m 
Bupa Dental Care UK – 10.5 2.1 (21) (17) (22) 
Bupa Care Services 
An impairment of goodwill of £90m has been recognised for the Bupa Care Services CGU in 2022, writing off 
the goodwill balance to £nil. This is due to the recoverable amount on a value in use basis reducing to £796m 
predominantly driven by the increase in the WACC rate in the period from 7.0% to 8.5%. 
Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia 
Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia has recognised an impairment of goodwill of £103m in 2022, writing off 
the goodwill balance to £nil. This is due to the recoverable amount on a value in use basis reducing to £296m. 
This reduction has been driven by the increase in the WACC rate in the period from 9.8% to 10.3%, along with 
updates to the cash flow assumptions. The cash flow assumptions remain highly sensitive to the recovery of 
occupancy and staff costs. Staff cost forecasts have been negatively impacted by the inclusion of the cost 
of implementing minimum mandatory care minutes for residents, which the Australian Federal Government 
is bringing into force from 1 October 2023. 
Bupa Chile 
The Bupa Chile CGU operates domestic health insurance businesses (primarily an Isapre business) and health 
clinics and hospitals in Chile. An impairment of £139m has been recognised in respect of the Bupa Chile CGU 
in 2022, writing off the goodwill balance to £nil. This is due to the recoverable amount on a value in use basis 
reducing to £481m driven by increased WACC rates and reductions in future cash flow forecasts reflective of the 
local pressures on the Isapre industry that has been negatively impacted by judicalisation of premium pricing and 
regulatory action. In addition to the goodwill impairment, Bupa Chile has recognised a £22m impairment of brand 
assets relating to the Isapre element of the business in Chile (Isapre Cruz Blanca). The Group has recognised a 
contingent liability following a Chile Supreme Court ruling in December 2022 in respect of risk factor tables used 
by Isapre Cruz Blanca. This does not impact the impairments noted as the relevant intangible balances have been 
fully impaired in 2022. Further details on the contingent liability are included in Note 28. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 147 
            
 
  
       
       
         
     
   
     
     
     
     
      
     
    
   
      
       
     
    
    
      
                 
                  
             
                
                   
   
    
                  
                      
            
                 
                       
        
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
The following table summarises goodwill by CGU as at 31 December 2022: 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Bupa Asia Pacific 
Bupa Australia Health Insurance 863 821 
Bupa Health Services Australia 299 288 
Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia – 99 
Hong Kong 129 115 
Europe and Latin America 
Bupa Chile – 130 
LUX MED 265 246 
Sanitas Seguros 49 46 
Sanitas Mayores 22 21 
Bupa Acıbadem Sigorta 53 24 
Care Plus 29 26 
Other 10 5 
Bupa Global and UK 
Bupa Care Services – 90 
Bupa Dental Care UK 191 467 
Bupa Global 68 68 
Other 3 3 
Total 1,981 2,449 
Sensitivity to changes in key assumptions 
Following the full impairment of goodwill in Bupa Care Services, Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia and 
Bupa Chile, the only CGU where a reasonably probable change in assumptions could result in an impairment 
is Bupa Dental Care UK for which sensitivities have been provided above. 
Management believes that no reasonably probable change in any of the key assumptions for other CGUs 
would cause the carrying value of any goodwill or intangible asset with an indefinite useful life to exceed 
its recoverable amount. 
Impairment of other intangible assets 
As at 31 December 2022, other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives were tested for impairment with 
£22m impairment arising in the current year relating to the write off of the Bupa Chile Isapre brand due to the 
local legal and regulatory pressures on the Isapre industry (2021: £nil). 
A review of intangible assets that are subject to amortisation resulted in impairments of £263m (2021: £11m), 
of which £255m is related to the Bupa Dental Care UK customer list assets and is the result of the overall CGU 
impairment review, the drivers of which are included above. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 148 
 
 
  
 
     
            
            
     
           
   
 
                
              
               
                   
             
 
              
                  
          
   
   
        
   
   
                  
                   
                   
                 
                  
 
        
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Property, plant and equipment in brief Note 4: 
Property, plant and equipment are the physical assets or rights to use 
Property, plant leased assets, which are utilised by the Group to carry out business 
activities and generate revenues and profits. 
and equipment The majority of assets held relate to care homes, hospital properties, 
equipment and office buildings. 
Freehold properties 
Freehold properties comprise care homes, care villages, clinics, hospitals and offices and are initially measured at 
cost and subsequently at revalued amount less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. These properties 
are subject to periodic and at least triennial valuations performed by external independent valuers. Borrowing 
costs relating to the acquisition or construction of qualifying assets are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. 
Equipment 
Equipment (including leasehold improvements) is held at historical cost less subsequent depreciation and 
impairment losses. 
Depreciation 
Freehold land and assets under construction, included within freehold properties, are not depreciated. Depreciation 
on other items of property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate cost or 
revalued amount less residual value over estimated useful lives, as follows: 
▪ Freehold property 50 years 
▪ Right-of-use property Lease term 
▪ Leasehold improvements Shorter of useful life or lease term 
▪ Owned equipment 3-10 years 
▪ Right-of-use equipment Lease term 
Impairment 
Impairment reviews are undertaken where there are indications that the carrying value of an asset may not be 
recoverable. An impairment loss on an asset carried at cost is recognised in other income and charges (see Note 
2.4) to reduce the carrying value to the recoverable amount. An impairment loss on an asset carried at revalued 
amount is recognised in the property revaluation reserve, except where an asset is revalued below historical cost, 
in which case the loss on historical cost is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement within other income 
and charges. 
For information regarding leased (right-of-use) assets, see Note 18. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 149 
 
 
 
    
 
 
  
               
                
                
            
                 
            
            
            
            
             
               
   
               
                
               
                 
            
            
             
            
             
               
                  
                  
  
               
                
            
                 
            
            
            
            
             
               
   
               
               
                 
            
            
             
            
             
               
                  
                  
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Right-of-use Right-of-use 
Freehold asset Leasehold Owned asset 
property property improvements equipment equipment Total 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
2022 
Cost or valuation 
At beginning of year 2,296 1,171 313 1,424 15 5,219 
Initial application of IAS 29 – – – 1 – 1 
Assets arising on business combinations 4 4 – 1 – 9 
Additions 25 51 38 148 3 265 
Transfer to assets held for sale (27) – – (16) – (43) 
Disposals (2) (44) (19) (44) (1) (110) 
Revaluations (130) – – – – (130) 
Remeasurements – 57 – – 1 58 
Other (2) 1 – 6 – 5 
Foreign exchange 83 54 13 60 1 211 
At end of year 2,247 1,294 345 1,580 19 5,485 
Depreciation and impairment loss 
At beginning of year 48 364 146 839 6 1,403 
Initial application of IAS 29 – – – 1 – 1 
Depreciation charge for year 39 140 26 125 4 334 
Transfer to assets held for sale – – – (8) – (8) 
Disposals – (42) (17) (38) (1) (98) 
Revaluations (53) – – – – (53) 
Impairment loss – 56 31 37 – 124 
Other – 1 – – – 1 
Foreign exchange 3 21 6 35 1 66 
At end of year 37 540 192 991 10 1,770 
Net book value at end of year 2,210 754 153 589 9 3,715 
Net book value at beginning of year 2,248 807 167 585 9 3,816 
2021 
Cost or valuation 
At beginning of year 2,458 1,186 328 1,430 16 5,418 
Assets arising on business combinations 17 2 – 2 – 21 
Additions 33 48 20 140 4 245 
Transfer to assets held for sale (12) (5) (2) (10) – (29) 
Disposals (43) (42) (20) (67) (5) (177) 
Revaluations (60) – – – – (60) 
Remeasurements – 42 – – – 42 
Other 3 (5) 1 (6) – (7) 
Foreign exchange (100) (55) (14) (65) – (234) 
At end of year 2,296 1,171 313 1,424 15 5,219 
Depreciation and impairment loss 
At beginning of year 35 270 144 819 6 1,274 
Depreciation charge for year 40 139 25 122 4 330 
Transfer to assets held for sale – (2) (1) (6) – (9) 
Disposals (1) (32) (17) (55) (4) (109) 
Revaluations (24) – – – – (24) 
Impairment loss – 4 1 1 – 6 
Other – – – (5) – (5) 
Foreign exchange (2) (15) (6) (37) – (60) 
At end of year 48 364 146 839 6 1,403 
Net book value at end of year 2,248 807 167 585 9 3,816 
Net book value at beginning of year 2,423 916 184 611 10 4,144 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 150 
  
                 
                     
                
               
                 
                     
                   
         
                     
                       
                   
                  
                  
                 
                
                 
                       
          
                 
                     
  
               
    
                 
                  
                   
       
               
 
                  
    
 
 
 
            
                
          
       
            
                
          
       
                
              
             
         
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Revaluation of properties 
External valuations are performed every three years. To ensure that the carrying value does not differ significantly 
from fair value at the reporting date, in years where a full external valuation is not scheduled to be completed, a 
directors’ valuation is conducted, based on updated cash flows and other market variables. Consideration is also 
given to whether there are any factors which indicate a full out-of-cycle external revaluation is required. 
In 2022, the external triennial revaluation of properties in the UK have been independently performed by Knight 
Frank, in Chile by Phi Partners, in Poland by Knight Frank and in Türkiye by Ekol GD. In addition, full out-of-cycle 
revaluations have been performed in Australia by Ernst & Young and in New Zealand by Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL). 
Directors’ property valuations have been performed across all other geographies. 
In valuing care home property, a judgement is made on the highest and best use of the property. In the majority 
of cases this leads to the property being valued as part of a group of assets making up a going concern business, 
using market valuations. This approach is in line with market practice. The business is valued on a fair maintainable 
trade basis with the fair value thus calculated being allocated to plant and equipment and bed licences applicable 
at net book value (as a proxy for fair value), with the residual value being allocated to property. 
The valuations of care homes across the Group (and hospitals in Spain and Poland) are therefore determined 
based on a capitalisation of earnings approach. Each facility’s normalised earnings are calculated based on what 
a reasonably efficient operator could be expected to achieve. This is divided by an appropriate capitalisation rate 
to determine a value in use. The capitalisation rate is the average rate of return for each facility and is based on 
qualitative and quantitative indicators of the facility’s current and future performance. 
The valuations of hospitals and clinics in Chile are determined based on discounted future cash flow projections. 
The discount rate is determined according to the time value of money, the level of risk of the industry and the 
corresponding premium risk. 
Unobservable inputs include the capitalisation or discount rate and, for all properties except those in Poland 
and Chile, the average occupancy. 
All other properties are valued by external valuers based on observable market values of similar properties. Due 
to the level of judgement and adjustments required to the observable inputs used in the valuation methodologies, 
a Level 3 classification, under the fair value hierarchy in accordance with IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement, is 
considered appropriate for all properties in the Group. 
At each revaluation date, accumulated depreciation is eliminated against the gross carrying amount of the asset. 
Sensitivity analysis 
The significant assumptions used in the calculation of the fair values of the material Level 3 freehold properties 
in the Group are: 
New 
Freehold properties Australia Zealand UK Spain Chile Poland 
2022 
Valuation assumptions: average occupancy rate 93.1% 91.4% 86.6% 88.4% N/A N/A 
Valuation assumptions: average capitalisation/discount rate 15.1% 12.9% 8.9% 19.0% 9.0% 11.6% 
Valuation assumptions: average price per square metre N/A N/A £3,389 £2,391 N/A N/A 
Valuation assumptions: average yield N/A N/A 6.3% 5.2% N/A N/A 
2021 
Valuation assumptions: average occupancy rate 94.2% 90.9% 83.4% 81.0% N/A N/A 
Valuation assumptions: average capitalisation/discount rate 14.0% 13.5% 10.9% 15.0% 6.9% 10.8% 
Valuation assumptions: average price per square metre N/A N/A £3,977 £2,022 N/A N/A 
Valuation assumptions: average yield N/A N/A 5.5% 5.0% N/A N/A 
The valuations are most sensitive to changes in capitalisation rate assumptions, and an increase/decrease of 0.5% 
in capitalisation rates would decrease/increase the total carrying value of freehold properties by £(97)m/£89m 
(2021: £(96)m/£100m). An increase/decrease of 0.5% in occupancy rates would increase/decrease the total 
carrying value of freehold properties by £8m/£(8)m (2021: £8m/£(9)m). 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 151 
                     
 
 
      
      
     
    
             
                 
               
               
      
                  
                
        
                
    
        
 
        
         
        
           
   
                    
                     
                  
                    
                   
             
 
 
 
   
           
            
            
   
               
                  
                   
   
                  
              
 
                  
                  
                 
                  
              
    
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
The table below shows the date at which freehold properties held as at 31 December 2022 were last subject to 
external valuation. 
2022 
£m 
Valuation – 31 December 2022 1,915 
Valuation – 31 December 2021 249 
Assets held at cost¹ 83 
Cost or valuation 2,247 
1. Primarily relates to assets under construction and initial fair value of additions. 
Gains and losses on revaluation are recognised in the property revaluation reserve, except where an asset is 
revalued below historical cost, in which case the deficit is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement. 
When a revaluation reverses losses recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement in prior years, the credit 
is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement. 
In the current year, a £44m net revaluation deficit (2021: £26m deficit) has been recognised in the property 
revaluation reserve, with a revaluation loss of £33m (2021 loss: £10m) charged to the Consolidated Income 
Statement within other income and charges (see Note 2.4). 
Recognised in the carrying amount of freehold property is £63m (2021: £70m) in relation to freehold property 
in the course of construction. 
Historical cost of the Group's revalued freehold property assets 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Historical cost of revalued assets 2,088 2,128 
Accumulated depreciation based on historical cost (465) (423) 
Historical cost net book value 1,623 1,705 
Depreciation charge for the year on historical cost 42 43 
Impairment of tangible assets 
A review of tangible assets has resulted in impairments of £124m (2021: £6m), of which £117m is related to Bupa 
Dental Care UK and is a result of the overall CGU impairment review, the drivers of which are explained in Note 3. 
It has also been identified that there are reasonable changes in assumptions on the Cromwell CGU impairment test 
that could lead to the impairment of the £115m right-of-use asset. Currently there is headroom on the CGU of £22m. 
The headroom is primarily sensitive to forecast cash flows driven by the mix and volume of procedures, staff costs 
and operating costs; a 10% reduction in cash flows reduces that headroom by £24m. 
Note 5: Investment property in brief 
Investment 
Investment properties are physical assets that are not occupied by the 
Group and are leased to third parties to generate rental income. Most 
property 
investment properties held by the Group relate to a portfolio of retirement 
villages in New Zealand. 
Investment properties are initially measured at cost and subsequently at fair value, determined individually, on 
a basis appropriate to the purpose for which the property is intended. Investment property is revalued annually 
with any gain or loss arising from a change in fair value recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement within 
financial income and expense. 
In an active market, the portfolio is valued annually by an independent valuer, holding a recognised and relevant 
professional qualification, and with recent experience in the location and category of investment property 
being valued. 
In Australia and New Zealand, the retirement village market is fragmented as each village is unique due to 
building configuration and location. As there are no directly comparable sales from which values can be derived, 
the fair value of investment property is determined using inputs that are unobservable. Therefore the Group has 
categorised investment property as Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy in accordance with IFRS 13 Fair Value 
Measurement. These properties are valued using discounted cash flow projections based on reliable estimates 
of future cash flows. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 152 
 
       
    
    
       
         
      
       
                 
                
         
                
                  
                
                  
                    
                    
 
          
      
 
   
 
    
                 
                  
    
 
       
   
    
 
                  
                
            
 
 
 
   
       
           
                 
            
                  
                 
          
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
At beginning of year 666 627 
Additions 29 37 
Disposals (1) – 
Increase in fair value 29 27 
Reclassification from property, plant and equipment – 1 
Foreign exchange 27 (26) 
At end of year 750 666 
In the current year, a revaluation surplus of £28m (2021: £27m) was credited to the Consolidated Income 
Statement which is net of £1m (2021: £nil) attributable to occupational right agreement liability holders and 
is paid upon exit of the retirement village. 
The carrying value of investment properties primarily consists of the Group's portfolio of retirement villages in 
New Zealand of £681m (2021: £604m) and Australia of £55m (2021: £50m). These were valued by management 
using internally prepared discounted cash flow projections, supported by the terms of any existing lease and 
other contracts. Discount rates are used to reflect current market assessments of the uncertainty in the amount 
or timing of the cash flows. During the year, an independent valuation of the New Zealand portfolio was performed 
by Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL), and this valuation, also based on a discounted cash flow model, was in line with 
management’s valuation. 
The historical cost of investment properties is £482m (2021: £440m). 
Significant assumptions used in the valuation include: 
Australia and New Zealand 
Discount rate 14.0% 
Capital growth rate 3.2% - 3.5% 
The sensitivity analysis below considers the impact on the year-end valuation of Level 3 investment properties and 
is based on a change in one assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, changes in 
assumptions may be correlated. 
Australia and New Zealand 0.5% absolute increase 0.5% absolute decrease 
Discount rate £12m decrease £13m increase 
Capital growth rate £18m increase £16m decrease 
Retirement villages 
During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s retirement village portfolio in Australia and New Zealand 
generated £25m (2021: £21m) of income which was recognised as revenue in the Consolidated Income Statement. 
Total direct operating expenses of these retirement villages amounted to £19m (2021: £16m). 
Note 6: 
Equity-
accounted 
investments 
Equity-accounted investments in brief 
Equity-accounted investments comprise associated companies and joint 
ventures in which the Group has significant influence, but not control. 
Associated companies include those entities in which the Group has significant influence, but no right to direct 
the activities which determine the variable returns it receives from the entity. 
Associated companies are accounted for using the equity method and are initially recognised at cost. The cost of 
the investment includes transaction costs. The carrying value of the investment is adjusted for the Group’s share 
of any post-acquisition profits or losses of the associated entity. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 153 
                  
                 
                   
           
              
                
              
             
      
     
 
 
  
  
 
  
           
         
         
                 
  
                   
                 
              
   
     
                
                   
                 
          
 
    
            
               
              
             
             
             
             
             
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
If the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in an equity-accounted investment, the carrying amount of that 
interest (including any long-term debt interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment), is 
reduced to £nil. In addition, the recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group 
has an obligation to make payments on behalf of the equity-accounted investment. 
Associates 
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the Group’s share of income and expenses, and other 
comprehensive income, after adjustments to align the accounting policies with those of the Group where materially 
different, from the date that significant influence commences until the date that significant influence ceases. 
The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is £1,032m (2021: £905m). All equity-accounted investments 
are included based on coterminous accounting periods. 
The Group’s principal equity-accounted investments are: 
Share of 
Business issued Principally Country of 
activity capital operates in incorporation 
Bupa Arabia for Cooperative Insurance Company (Bupa Arabia) Insurance 43.25% Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia 
Highway to Health, Inc. (Highway to Health) Insurance 49.00% USA USA 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited (Niva Bupa) Insurance 44.39% India India 
During the year, the Group received dividends of £52m (2021: £34m) from Bupa Arabia for Cooperative Insurance 
Company (Bupa Arabia). 
During the year, the Group's shareholding in Niva Bupa was diluted from 44.75% to 44.39% due to Niva Bupa 
employees exercising their share options. The Group made further capital injections in Niva Bupa of £14m (2021: 
£14m). Distributions to shareholders are currently restricted by local regulatory requirements which are reassessed 
on a regular basis. 
(i) Summarised financial information for material associates 
The tables below provide summarised financial information for those associates that are material to the Group. 
The information disclosed reflects the full balances for the relevant associates, and not the Group's share of those 
amounts. They have been amended to reflect adjustments made by the Group when using the equity method, 
including fair value adjustments and modifications for differences in accounting policies. 
Bupa Arabia Highway to Health Niva Bupa 
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
Revenue 2,765 2,058 201 157 245 154 
Cash and cash equivalents 283 89 94 80 9 4 
Other current assets 1,458 1,658 122 95 27 20 
Current assets 1,741 1,747 216 175 36 24 
Non-current assets 1,415 694 10 8 319 213 
Current liabilities (2,202) (1,623) (123) (94) (110) (71) 
Non-current liabilities – – (3) (3) (141) (96) 
Net assets 954 818 100 86 104 70 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 154 
   
 
    
              
               
              
             
              
              
             
              
            
             
                
                      
   
                   
                
                  
            
 
 
 
   
         
          
           
 
                   
          
   
             
                  
                 
                 
                 
   
   
                
                 
                      
                  
                   
                    
    
                
    
                
    
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Reconciliation to carrying amounts 
Bupa Arabia Highway to Health Niva Bupa 
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
Opening net assets 818 761 86 87 70 40 
Profit/(loss) for the year 129 115 8 (5) (8) (15) 
Other comprehensive income 6 14 – – – – 
Dividends paid (116) (79) – – – – 
Other reserve movements 117 7 6 4 42 45 
Closing net assets 954 818 100 86 104 70 
% Ownership 43.25% 43.25% 49.00% 49.00% 44.39% 44.75% 
Reporting entity’s share¹ 412 354 49 42 35 24 
Goodwill 307 274 196 175 20 20 
Carrying amount 719 628 245 217 55 44 
Reporting entity's share of profit/(loss) 57 49 2 (3) (3) (7) 
1. Reporting entity's share excludes subordinated debt recorded under equity for Niva Bupa as the Group has no rights over the debt. 
(ii) Individually immaterial equity-accounted investments 
In addition to the interests in associates disclosed above, the Group also has interests in a number of individually 
immaterial associates and joint ventures that are accounted for using the equity method. The aggregate carrying 
amount of these associates and joint ventures is £13m (2021: £16m). The Group’s share of results recognised during 
the year for these is a loss of £(3)m (2021: profit of £3m). 
Note 7: 
Post-
employment 
benefits 
Post-employment benefits in brief 
The Group operates several funded defined benefit and defined 
contribution pension schemes for the benefit of employees and Directors, 
in addition to an unfunded scheme and a post-retirement medical benefit 
scheme. 
The main defined benefit scheme is The Bupa Pension Scheme which has been closed to new entrants since 1 
October 2002 and closed to future accrual since 31 December 2020. 
Defined contribution pension schemes 
The defined contribution pension schemes provide employees with a retirement fund accumulated through 
investment of contributions made by Bupa and the employees. Members of the scheme use their funds to secure 
benefits at retirement. Benefits are not known in advance and the investment and longevity risks are assumed 
solely by the members of the scheme. Contributions payable by the relevant sponsoring employers are defined in 
the scheme rules or plan specifications and these contributions are recognised as an expense in the Consolidated 
Income Statement as incurred. 
Defined benefit post-employment schemes 
The defined benefit pension schemes provide benefits based on final pensionable salary. The Group’s net obligation 
in respect of defined benefit pensions is calculated separately for each scheme and represents the present value 
of the defined benefit obligation less the fair value of scheme assets. The discount rate used is the yield at the 
reporting date on high-quality corporate bonds denominated in the currency in which the benefit will be paid and 
taking account of the maturities of the defined benefit obligations. When the calculation results in a benefit to the 
Group, the recognised asset is limited to the present value of any future refunds from the scheme or reductions in 
future contributions to the scheme. 
The charge to the Consolidated Income Statement for defined benefit schemes represents the net interest cost 
and administrative expenses. 
All remeasurements are recognised in full in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income in the period 
in which they occur. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 155 
      
          
 
         
      
           
                 
 
      
      
 
          
          
          
          
          
      
   
                  
              
 
   
                    
                  
                 
                
                   
               
    
                    
                     
                      
             
                
   
              
                
      
                   
                  
                  
         
                
                
                    
 
                
                 
                      
            
                 
               
   
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
(i) Amounts recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement 
The amounts (credited)/charged to other operating expenses for the year are: 
Net interest on defined benefit liability/asset 
Administrative expenses 
Total amount credited to the Consolidated Income Statement 
2022 
£m 
(8) 
2 
(6) 
2021 
£m 
(7) 
2 
(5) 
The charge to other operating expenses in respect of cash contributions to defined contribution schemes is £58m 
(2021: £52m). 
(ii) Amounts recognised directly in other comprehensive income 
The amounts charged/(credited) directly to equity are: 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Actual return less expected return on assets 920 33 
Gain arising from changes to financial assumptions (811) (13) 
Loss/(gain) arising from changes to experience assumptions 22 (25) 
(Gain)/loss arising from changes to demographic assumptions (3) 10 
Total remeasurement losses charged directly to equity 128 5 
7.1 Group post-employment benefit schemes 
Defined contribution pension schemes 
The principal defined contribution pension scheme in the UK during the year was the My Bupa LifeSight Plan. 
The Group automatically enrols any eligible non-pensioned employees into the National Employment Savings 
Trust (NEST). 
Defined benefit post-employment schemes 
The principal deﬁned beneﬁt scheme in the UK is The Bupa Pension Scheme which has been closed to new entrants 
since 1 October 2002 and closed to future accrual since 31 December 2020. Contributions by employees and by 
Group companies were paid into separate funds administered by a corporate trustee. Following the closure of this 
scheme to future accrual, existing members retain any ongoing salary link, with future benefits payable dependent 
upon member salary at the date of leaving or retirement. Any current employees who were members of The Bupa 
Pension Scheme were automatically enrolled into the defined contribution pension scheme, the My Bupa LifeSight 
Plan from 1 January 2021. 
The recognised surplus in relation to The Bupa Pension Scheme is limited to the present value of any future refunds 
from the scheme in the event of a wind up. There are no minimum funding requirements in place and the Trustees 
do not have the unilateral power to trigger a wind up of the scheme. Once all members have left the scheme, the 
Group can wind up the scheme and is entitled to any remaining surplus. 
Contributions by Group companies to this scheme have been made in accordance with the recommendations of 
the independent scheme actuary. 
The independent scheme actuary for The Bupa Pension Scheme performs detailed triennial valuations together 
with annual interim reviews. Both triennial and interim valuations use the attained age method, recognising the 
closure of the scheme to new entrants. 
The latest triennial valuation, dated 1 July 2020, showed that The Bupa Pension Scheme was in surplus on its 
technical provisions basis. The scheme was also in surplus on the more prudent actuarial basis which the Trustees 
use to set their long-term funding target. As a result, no deﬁcit reduction contributions are currently due. This 
position could change as a result of future valuations. 
There are several other smaller deﬁned beneﬁt pension schemes operated by UK and overseas subsidiaries. The 
deﬁned beneﬁt pension schemes are assessed by independent scheme actuaries in accordance with UK or local 
practice and under IAS 19 as at 31 December 2022 for the purposes of inclusion in the Group’s Consolidated 
Financial Statements. 
Trustees are appointed for each scheme as determined by its respective trust documentation and Trustees are 
required to act in the best interests of the schemes’ beneficiaries. The long-term investment objectives of the 
Trustees and the employers are to limit the risk of the assets failing to meet the liabilities of the schemes over the 
long term, and to maximise returns consistent with an acceptable level of risk. 
The smaller defined benefit pension schemes are not individually material to the Group on a net surplus/deficit 
basis, but details have been disclosed within the subsidiary financial statements of the relevant sponsoring 
employer of each scheme. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 156 
  
              
                    
              
                  
      
                    
                
                    
                    
   
    
              
                   
                   
              
    
 
 
  
 
                
                
                
                
              
      
     
     
      
    
          
 
 
  
 
               
              
                 
                 
     
            
             
             
               
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Unfunded schemes 
Unfunded defined benefit pension arrangements exist for certain former employees to provide benefits in 
addition to the funded pension arrangements provided by the Group. There are no separate funds or assets in the 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position to support the unfunded schemes; however, cash deposits included 
in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position in respect of these liabilities and assets are ring-fenced to 
support these liabilities (see Note 8). 
The latest valuation of these arrangements was performed as at 31 December 2022 under IAS 19 by the Group’s 
independent actuary. The charge to the Consolidated Income Statement in respect of these arrangements and the 
assessment of the related pension liability as at 31 December 2022 have been made in accordance with this latest 
valuation, which used the same principal assumptions as adopted as at 31 December 2022 under IAS 19 for The 
Bupa Pension Scheme. 
Post-retirement medical benefit scheme 
The Group also provides unfunded post-retirement medical benefits for certain former employees. These benefits 
were granted under an agreement which closed to new entrants in 1992. The latest valuation of this scheme was 
performed on 31 December 2022 by an actuary employed by the Group using the same principal assumptions as 
adopted as at 31 December 2022 under IAS 19 for The Bupa Pension Scheme. 
Assets and liabilities of schemes 
Post-retirement medical 
Pension schemes benefit scheme Total 
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
Present value of funded obligations (1,163) (1,969) – – (1,163) (1,969) 
Fair value of scheme assets 1,561 2,499 – – 1,561 2,499 
Net assets of funded schemes 398 530 – – 398 530 
Present value of unfunded obligations (39) (51) (4) (6) (43) (57) 
Net recognised assets/(liabilities) 359 479 (4) (6) 355 473 
In the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position: 
Net liabilities (51) (69) 
Net assets 406 542 
Net recognised assets 355 473 
(iii) Present value of schemes' obligations 
The movements in the present value of the schemes' obligations are: 
Post-retirement medical 
Pension schemes benefit scheme Total 
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
At beginning of year 2,020 2,085 6 8 2,026 2,093 
Interest on obligations 36 30 – – 36 30 
Gain from changes to financial assumptions (810) (13) (1) – (811) (13) 
Loss/(gain) from changes to experience assumptions 22 (23) – (2) 22 (25) 
(Gain)/loss from changes to demographic 
assumptions (3) 10 – – (3) 10 
Benefits paid (64) (69) (1) – (65) (69) 
Foreign exchange 1 – – – 1 – 
At end of year 1,202 2,020 4 6 1,206 2,026 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 157 
     
           
 
       
     
         
      
     
     
     
       
            
 
          
         
        
         
         
        
        
           
                  
                 
                
                    
      
     
     
      
      
                
                  
                   
                 
                 
                  
                  
                   
                   
        
                 
                  
             
               
                  
                 
               
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
(iv) Fair value of funded schemes' assets 
The movements in the fair value of the funded schemes' assets are: 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
At beginning of year 2,499 2,564 
Interest income 44 37 
Return on assets excluding interest income (920) (33) 
Contributions by employer 2 1 
Administration expenses (2) (2) 
Benefits paid (62) (67) 
Foreign exchange – (1) 
At end of year 1,561 2,499 
The market values of the assets of the funded schemes are as follows: 
2022 2022 2021 2021 
£m % £m % 
Pooled investment funds 616 39 1,174 47 
Corporate bonds 522 33 819 33 
Loans 196 13 178 7 
Cash/other assets 167 11 140 5 
Government bonds 87 6 158 6 
Derivatives (33) (2) 14 1 
Equities 6 – 16 1 
Total market value 1,561 100 2,499 100 
Certain assets have been reclassified within the table above and prior year amounts have been updated to reflect this. 
Aside from corporate and government bonds in the table above, no other assets have a quoted market price. 
Aside from sole investor funds reported in the pooled investment funds line above, amounts reported include 
those held through pooled investment funds in which Bupa is not the sole investor, as well as direct investments. 
The Group's sole investor fund comprises: 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Government bonds 761 1,391 
Derivatives (376) (266) 
Cash/other assets 231 49 
Total market value 616 1,174 
The Group has previously taken steps to de-risk The Bupa Pension Scheme’s investment strategy. The main return-
seeking asset class in the scheme, including the underlying assets of the pooled investment funds, is credit; there 
is minimal remaining market risk from equities or property. The scheme’s liabilities will fluctuate in line with interest 
rates and inflation. The impact of increased bond yields, partially offset by higher inflationary expectations in the 
period, have led to the reduction in liabilities in the period. However, The Bupa Pension Scheme’s investment 
strategy aims to hedge against interest and inflation risk as measured on a long-term funding basis, via a liability-
driven investment strategy that utilises a combination of high-quality gilts and swaps. This means that on a funding 
valuation basis, assets will move broadly in the same direction as the liabilities, although this can differ under the 
IAS 19 valuation. Following the increased bond yields in the period, there was a significant decrease in the value 
of assets, offsetting the reduction in liabilities. 
Given the scheme’s asset holdings, the key remaining risk in The Bupa Pension Scheme’s investment strategy is 
credit risk. This is managed via limits on credit quality of counterparties, collateral arrangements in the case of 
derivatives and repurchase agreements and regular monitoring of investment managers. Holdings of corporate 
instruments are highly diversified by issuer, economic sector and geography. The specific risks associated with 
the derivatives used in the hedging programme are managed via limits on leverage, stress testing of collateral 
requirements, and by maintaining a prudent buffer of liquid assets to meet potential collateral calls. This approach 
enabled the Scheme to maintain adequate collateral headroom during the gilt market stress during the year. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 158 
    
               
          
              
             
 
  
 
    
      
      
      
  
      
                  
                   
                   
                 
 
                     
           
                    
    
                   
  
          
                  
                  
              
                
        
 
    
    
  
    
 
 
 
 
    
     
 
  
 
    
 
 
 
 
    
     
 
  
 
 
                  
                  
       
                     
                 
              
                 
       
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
7.2 Actuarial assumptions 
The responsibility for setting the assumptions underlying the IAS 19 valuations rests with Bupa's Directors, 
having first taken advice from the Group’s independent actuary. 
The key weighted average financial assumptions used when valuing the obligations of the post-employment 
benefit schemes under IAS 19 for the schemes within the Group are as follows: 
Funded schemes 
2022 
% 
2021 
% 
Unfunded schemes 
2022 
% 
2021 
% 
Inflation rate 3.7 3.4 3.8 3.4 
Rate of increase in salaries 4.2 3.8 – – 
Rate of increase of pensions in payment 3.1 3.2 4.5 3.8 
Rate of increase of pensions in deferment 3.3 2.8 4.5 3.8 
Discount rate for scheme assets and obligations 5.0 1.8 5.0 1.8 
Medical cost trend – – 4.8 4.0 
(a) Actuarial assumptions underlying the valuation of obligations 
The inflation rate assumption is set by reference to the difference between the yield on long-term fixed interest 
gilts and the real yield on index-linked gilts, with a deduction of 0.2% to reflect an inflation risk premium. 
The rate of increase in salaries is equal to the long-term expected annual average salary pay increase for the 
employees who are members of the respective schemes. This assumption is set relative to the inflation rate 
assumption. 
The rate of increase of pensions in payment is the same as the inflation rate, with the exception of benefits which 
receive fixed increases in payment as defined under the respective scheme rules. 
The rate of increase of pensions in deferment is set relative to the inflation rate assumption and adjusted for any 
relevant caps or collars. 
The discount rate used to value scheme liabilities is the yield at the reporting date on high-quality corporate bonds 
of appropriate term. 
Sensitivity analysis of the principal assumptions used to measure scheme liabilities 
The sensitivity analysis provided below is based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions 
constant. In practice, this is unlikely to occur and experience variations for some of the assumptions may be 
correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to significant actuarial assumptions 
the same method (projected unit credit method) has been applied as when calculating the pension liability 
recognised within the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. 
Rate of increase in 
Discount rate Rate of inflation salaries Rate of mortality 
2022 
Change in assumption Increase/decrease 
by 0.5% 
Increase/decrease 
by 0.25% 
Increase/decrease 
by 0.25% Increase by one year 
Indicative impact on scheme Decrease £83m/ Increase/decrease Increase/decrease 
liabilities increase £88m £39m £2m Increase £29m 
2021 
Change in assumption Increase/decrease 
by 0.5% 
Increase/decrease 
by 0.25% 
Increase/decrease 
by 0.25% Increase by one year 
Indicative impact on scheme Decrease £165m/ Increase/decrease Increase/decrease 
liabilities increase £204m £69m £7m Increase £71m 
(b) Mortality assumptions 
The Trustees of The Bupa Pension Scheme undertook a scheme-specific mortality investigation as part of the 1 July 
2020 triennial valuation. Assumptions have been adopted in line with this analysis for the purposes of IAS 19 
valuation as at 31 December 2022. 
The mortality tables adopted as at 31 December 2022 are the S3PA year of birth mortality tables using the CMI 
2021 projection model, with a long-term rate of improvement of 1.5% p.a. adjusted by 95% (male non-pensioners); 
94% (female non-pensioners); 90% (male pensioners) and 92% (female pensioners) (2021: CMI 2020 projection 
model, with a long-term rate of improvement of 1.5% p.a. adjusted by 95% (male non-pensioners); 94% (female 
non-pensioners); 90% (male pensioners) and 92% (female pensioners)). 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 159 
           
           
    
            
 
 
 
   
           
            
      
 
      
      
      
                  
                 
            
 
 
 
   
          
          
        
    
               
                 
   
                
              
                  
            
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
2022 2021 
Average life expectancy for members aged 60, on the valuation date: 
Male 27.9 27.9 
Female 29.7 29.6 
Average life expectancy for member aged 45, on the valuation date: 
Male 28.8 28.7 
Female 30.9 30.8 
(c) Assumptions over duration of liabilities 
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is approximately 15 years. 
Note 8: Restricted assets in brief 
Restricted 
Restricted assets are amounts held in respect of specific obligations and 
potential liabilities and may be used only to discharge those obligations and 
assets 
potential liabilities if and when they crystallise. 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Non-current restricted assets 40 45 
Current restricted assets 79 113 
Total restricted assets 119 158 
The non-current restricted assets balance of £40m (2021: £45m) consists of cash deposits held to secure a charge 
over the unfunded pension scheme obligations (see Note 7). Included in current restricted assets is £74m (2021: 
£111m) cash in respect of claims funds held on behalf of corporate customers. 
Note 9: Financial investments in brief 
Financial 
The Group generates cash from its underwriting, trading and financing 
activities and invests the surplus cash in financial investments. These 
investments 
include government bonds, corporate bonds, pooled investment funds 
and deposits with credit institutions. 
All financial investments are initially recognised at fair value, which includes transaction costs for financial 
investments not classified at fair value through profit or loss. Financial investments are recorded using trade date 
accounting at initial recognition. 
Financial investments are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial investments have 
expired or where the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership. 
The Group has classified its financial investments into the following categories: at fair value through proﬁt or loss, 
at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) and at amortised cost. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 160 
 
     
  
  
 
                
                   
                
       
  
  
 
            
                 
                 
               
              
                
              
               
             
  
             
                 
                
              
                
 
               
                  
                  
                    
                  
                   
             
                 
            
      
 
    
     
             
          
          
           
          
        
     
             
          
 
             
          
           
          
          
        
        
    
               
                   
                  
                
        
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Classification Criteria and treatment under IFRS 9 
Fair value Debt and equity instruments where performance is managed and evaluated on a fair value basis and 
through profit the objective is to realise cash flows through the sale of the assets. The investments are carried at fair 
or loss value, with gains and losses arising from changes in this value recognised in the Consolidated Income 
Statement in the period in which they arise. 
Fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Non-derivative debt instruments where the contractual characteristics of the financial assets represent 
solely payments of principal and interest and the objective is to hold the instrument to collect cash 
flows and sell, with a greater frequency and value of sales than instruments at amortised cost. The 
investments are carried at fair value and fair value changes are recognised in the Consolidated 
Statement of Comprehensive Income, except for interest and foreign exchange gains or losses and 
impairment gains and losses that are derived using the same methodology that is applied to financial 
assets measured at amortised cost, which are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement. The 
cumulative gain or loss that was recognised in other comprehensive income is recognised in the 
Consolidated Income Statement when a financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive 
income is derecognised. 
Amortised cost Non-derivative debt instruments where the contractual characteristics of the financial assets represent 
solely payments of principal and interest and the objective is to hold the instrument to collect cash 
flows over its life. Any disposals are expected to be infrequent or insignificant. The investments are 
measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses. Any 
discount or premium on purchase is amortised over the life of the investment in the Consolidated 
Income Statement. 
Under IFRS 9, impairment provisions for expected credit losses (ECL) are recognised for financial investments 
measured at amortised cost and FVOCI. An allowance for either a 12-month or lifetime ECL is required, depending 
on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. For trade receivables lifetime 
ECL is always applied. An assumption can be made that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased 
significantly since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting 
date (e.g. it is investment grade). The Group applies a 12-month ECL allowance to all assets other than trade 
receivables, as no significant increases in credit risk since initial recognition have been identified. 
The measurement of ECL should reflect a probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and the best 
available forward-looking information. An analysis of ECL provisions is provided in Note 26.3. 
Financial investments are analysed as follows: 
Carrying value 
2022 
£m 
Fair value 
2022 
£m 
Carrying value 
2021 
£m 
Fair value 
2021 
£m 
Fair value through profit or loss 
Corporate debt securities and secured loans 301 301 334 334 
Government debt securities 41 41 45 45 
Pooled investment funds 459 459 386 386 
Deposits with credit institutions 4 4 – – 
Other loans 7 7 7 7 
Equities 32 32 13 13 
Fair value through other comprehensive income 
Corporate debt securities and secured loans 41 41 66 66 
Government debt securities 19 19 30 30 
Amortised cost 
Corporate debt securities and secured loans 1,114 1,110 774 776 
Government debt securities 468 468 211 214 
Deposits with credit institutions 1,230 1,230 1,044 1,045 
Other loans – – 1 1 
Total financial investments 3,716 3,712 2,911 2,917 
Non-current 756 752 831 833 
Current 2,960 2,960 2,080 2,084 
Fair value of financial investments 
Fair value is a market-based measurement for assets for observable market transactions where market information 
might be available. The objective of a fair value measurement is to estimate the price at which an orderly 
transaction to sell the asset or to transfer the asset would take place between market participants at the 
measurement date under current market conditions (i.e. an exit price at the measurement date from the 
perspective of a market participant that holds the asset). 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 161 
                    
                
              
                  
   
               
                    
   
            
                    
         
                 
              
 
   
     
             
          
          
           
          
        
     
             
          
 
             
          
           
          
 
   
     
             
          
          
           
          
        
     
             
          
 
             
          
           
          
          
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
The fair values of quoted investments in active markets are based on current bid prices. The fair values of unlisted 
securities and quoted investments for which there is no active market are established by using valuation 
techniques supported by market transactions and observable market data provided by independent third parties. 
These may include reference to the current fair value of other investments that are substantially the same and 
discounted cash flow analysis. 
The fair values of financial investments are determined using different valuation inputs categorised into a three-
level hierarchy. The different levels are defined by reference to the lowest level input that is significant to the fair 
value measurement, as follows: 
▪ Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
▪ Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either 
directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices). 
▪ Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). 
An analysis of the fair value of financial investments by hierarchy level is as follows: 
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total 
£m £m £m £m 
2022 
Fair value through profit or loss 
Corporate debt securities and secured loans 21 279 1 301 
Government debt securities 22 19 – 41 
Pooled investment funds 89 347 23 459 
Deposits with credit institutions 4 – – 4 
Other loans – – 7 7 
Equities – – 32 32 
Fair value through other comprehensive income 
Corporate debt securities and secured loans 38 3 – 41 
Government debt securities 19 – – 19 
Amortised cost 
Corporate debt securities and secured loans 488 622 – 1,110 
Government debt securities 290 
– 
178 – 
– 
468 
Deposits with credit institutions 
Total financial investments 971 
1,230 
2,678 63 
1,230 
3,712 
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total 
£m £m £m £m 
2021 
Fair value through profit or loss 
Corporate debt securities and secured loans 36 297 1 334 
Government debt securities 27 18 – 45 
Pooled investment funds 96 277 13 386 
Deposits with credit institutions – – – – 
Other loans – – 7 7 
Equities – – 13 13 
Fair value through other comprehensive income 
Corporate debt securities and secured loans 63 3 – 66 
Government debt securities 30 – – 30 
Amortised cost 
Corporate debt securities and secured loans 523 253 – 776 
Government debt securities 109 105 – 214 
Deposits with credit institutions – 1,045 – 1,045 
Other loans – 1 – 1 
Total financial investments 884 1,999 34 2,917 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 162 
     
                  
                    
                   
                 
                   
             
                 
                   
                  
      
                 
                
              
           
             
 
 
       
    
        
      
     
       
                
                   
         
                   
                
                    
 
       
        
       
        
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Transfers between fair value hierarchy levels 
The Group’s policy is to determine whether transfers have occurred between fair value hierarchy levels at the end 
of a reporting period. Classification is reassessed based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement as a whole. In 2022, there were no transfers between fair value hierarchy levels. In 2021, £48m of 
government debt securities and corporate debt securities and secured loans were transferred from Level 1 to Level 
2 following a review of the level of market activity and readily available quoted prices in those investments, £13m 
from Level 2 to Level 1 and £1m from Level 2 to Level 3. 
Fair values for Level 2 assets mainly include values provided by external parties, including fund managers, which 
are either from readily available prices (including last transaction price) but relate to assets for which the market is 
not always active, or are measured on the basis of valuation techniques including a varying degree of assumptions 
supported by market transactions and observable data. 
The Group currently holds Level 3 investments totalling £63m. The majority of Level 3 investments are unlisted 
equities and pooled investment funds valued at the recent subscription value and conversion price, which are 
considered to be unobservable inputs. Reasonably possible changes to the valuation assumptions applied could 
result in a change in fair value of plus or minus £3m. 
The table below shows movement in the Level 3 assets measured at fair value. 
2022 2021 
Level 3 £m £m 
At beginning of year 34 
Additions 4 
Net increase in fair value 24 
Transfer between levels – 
Foreign exchange 1 
At end of year¹ 63 
28 
2 
4 
1 
(1) 
34 
1. All gains and losses are recognised in net financial expense in the Consolidated Income Statement. 
There were no transfers in 2022. In 2021, transfers into Level 3 financial assets reflected changes in the availability 
of observable inputs used in the valuation of those assets. 
The Group uses a market interest curve supported by third parties as at the reporting date to discount financial 
assets, borrowings and derivatives, where the fair value cannot otherwise be found from quoted market values. 
The interest rate used is based on the duration of the financial asset/liability resulting in a range as follows: 
2022 2021 
% % 
Sterling assets and liabilities 3.4 - 3.7 0.9 - 1.1 
Australian dollar assets and liabilities 3.3 - 3.7 0.3 - 1.4 
Euro assets and liabilities 2.5 - 2.6 (0.7) - 0.2 
US dollar assets and liabilities 3.9 - 4.6 0.4 - 1.9 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 163 
 
   
              
         
           
     
                
                 
                 
               
              
           
                
                 
                   
     
           
 
 
    
    
      
 
    
    
      
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Note 10: 
Derivatives 
Derivatives in brief 
A derivative is a financial instrument whose value is based on one or more 
underlying variables. The Group uses derivative financial instruments to 
hedge its exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risk. Derivatives 
are not held for speculative reasons. 
Derivative financial instruments are accounted for at fair value through profit or loss unless hedge accounting 
requires another treatment. See Note 26 for details on how the Group accounts for derivatives that qualify 
for hedge accounting. Derivatives that have been purchased or issued as part of a hedge that subsequently 
do not qualify for hedge accounting are accounted for at fair value through profit or loss. 
Fair values are obtained from market observable pricing information including interest rate yield curves. 
Fair values have been calculated for each type of derivative as follows: 
▪ The fair value of currency forward contracts, swaps and options is determined using forward exchange rates 
derived from market sourced data at the reporting date, with the resulting value discounted back to present 
value. 
▪ The fair value of interest rate swaps is determined as the present value of the estimated future cash flows 
based on observable yield curves. 
Valuation inputs are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Derivative assets 
Non-current 2 5 
Current 26 36 
Total derivative assets 28 41 
Derivative liabilities 
Non-current (64) (18) 
Current (73) (17) 
Total derivative liabilities (137) (35) 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 164 
 
 
 
  
 
      
          
           
           
          
         
      
                
                 
              
                    
                   
                  
               
                    
                  
                   
     
     
         
 
              
             
                 
                
            
                 
               
            
                
                
               
   
                  
                   
               
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Deferred taxation assets and liabilities in brief Note 11: 
Deferred taxation is an amount which recognises the differences between 
Deferred the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and 
the amounts used for taxation purposes. An example is the variance 
taxation assets between the carrying value of equipment due to depreciation being 
charged for financial reporting purposes and written down allowances 
and liabilities being applied for the relevant tax authorities. 
Deferred taxation is recognised in full using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences 
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for 
taxation purposes. The following temporary differences are not recognised: goodwill not deductible for taxation 
purposes and the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and 
which, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss. The amount 
of deferred taxation recognised is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying 
amount of assets and liabilities, using taxation rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. 
A deferred taxation asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be 
available against which the asset can be utilised. Deferred taxation assets and liabilities are offset when they relate 
to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and when the Group can settle its current taxation assets 
and liabilities on a net basis. 
Recognised deferred taxation assets and liabilities 
Deferred taxation assets and liabilities are attributable to the following: 
Assets Liabilities Net 
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
Accelerated capital allowances 82 64 (38) (28) 44 36 
Post-employment benefits 3 3 (131) (175) (128) (172) 
Revaluation of properties to fair value 1 2 (87) (104) (86) (102) 
Employee benefits (other than post-employment) 61 55 – – 61 55 
Provisions 152 145 (8) (8) 144 137 
Taxation value of losses carried forward 63 63 – – 63 63 
Goodwill and intangible assets 13 9 (136) (207) (123) (198) 
Other 17 14 (40) (39) (23) (25) 
Deferred taxation (before allowable netting) 392 355 (440) (561) (48) (206) 
Allowable netting of deferred taxation (263) (266) 263 266 – – 
Deferred taxation – net 129 89 (177) (295) (48) (206) 
Unrecognised deferred taxation assets 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had deductible temporary differences relating to trading losses of £190m 
(2021: £100m), to capital losses of £80m (2021: £69m), and to other temporary differences of £9m (2021: £nil) for 
which no deferred taxation asset was recognised due to uncertainty of utilisation of those temporary differences. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 165 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
    
 
  
                
                 
   
                  
   
                 
                
    
                 
   
                
                
                
  
                
                 
   
                  
   
                 
                
    
                 
   
                
                
                
         
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Movement in net deferred taxation (liabilities)/assets 
Recognised in Recognised in Acquisitions 
At Initial Consolidated other through 
beginning application Income comprehensive business Foreign At end 
of year of IAS 29¹ Statement income combinations Disposals exchange of year 
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m 
2022 
Accelerated capital 
allowances 36 – 9 – (1) – – 44 
Post-employment benefits (172) – (3) 47 – – – (128) 
Revaluation of properties 
to fair value (102) – 10 11 – – (5) (86) 
Employee benefits (other 
than post-employment) 55 – 4 – – – 2 61 
Provisions 137 – (3) – – – 10 144 
Taxation value of losses 
carried forward 63 – (5) – 1 – 4 63 
Goodwill and intangible 
assets (198) (6) 87 – – – (6) (123) 
Other (25) – (5) 1 – – 6 (23) 
Total (206) (6) 94 59 – – 11 (48) 
2021 
Accelerated capital 
allowances (3) – 39 – (1) – 1 36 
Post-employment benefits (177) – 2 2 1 – – (172) 
Revaluation of properties 
to fair value (89) – (23) 6 – – 4 (102) 
Employee benefits (other 
than post-employment) 52 – 7 – – – (4) 55 
Provisions 132 – 17 – 1 – (13) 137 
Taxation value of losses 
carried forward 41 – 26 – – – (4) 63 
Goodwill and intangible 
assets (194) – (13) – (2) – 11 (198) 
Other (44) – 10 – – 4 5 (25) 
Total (282) – 65 8 (1) 4 – (206) 
1. Refer to Note 1.7 for details of the adjustments. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 166 
 
 
  
  
      
        
          
  
            
 
     
        
      
     
        
         
    
    
                 
                
      
 
                
                 
            
    
                 
               
  
              
                
                 
          
 
        
        
      
           
     
       
         
              
                 
            
 
                  
                
                
            
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Assets arising from insurance business in brief Note 12: 
Financial assets arising from insurance business, excluding reinsurers' 
Assets arising share of insurance provisions, and deferred acquisition costs are held 
at amortised cost. 
from insurance 
business 
The valuation of reinsurers' share of insurance provisions is discussed in Note 19. 
2022 2021 
Note £m £m 
Insurance debtors (a) 1,334 1,116 
Reinsurers’ share of insurance provisions (b) 38 33 
Deferred acquisition costs (c) 175 143 
Medicare rebate (d) 71 73 
Risk Equalisation Special Account recoveries 8 9 
Total assets arising from insurance business 1,626 1,374 
Non-current 7 7 
Current 1,619 1,367 
The above balance is held net of provision for impairment losses of £27m (2021: £27m). Information regarding 
movement in the provision and the ageing of insurance debtors, Medicare rebate and Risk Equalisation Special 
Account recoveries is shown in Note 26.3. 
(a) Insurance debtors 
Insurance debtors primarily arise where the amount payable under an insurance contract is payable in instalments 
over the term of the policy, with a debtor and corresponding unearned premium provision being established at 
inception for the total premiums receivable over the whole period of cover. 
(b) Reinsurers’ share of insurance provisions 
The recoverables due from reinsurers are shown within assets arising from insurance business and are assessed for 
recoverability at each reporting date. Reinsurers’ share of insurance provisions are further analysed in Note 19. 
(c) Deferred acquisition costs 
Acquisition costs represent commissions payable and other expenses related to the acquisition of insurance 
contract revenues recognised during the financial year. Acquisition costs that have been paid are deferred and 
recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement in the period in which the benefit is recognised, on a straight-
line basis. The movement in deferred acquisition costs is as follows: 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
At beginning of the year 143 138 
Initial application of IAS 29¹ 6 – 
Acquisition costs deferred 499 380 
Acquisition costs recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement (476) (373) 
Foreign exchange 3 (2) 
At end of year 175 143 
1. Refer to Note 1.7 for details of the adjustments. 
Acquisition costs recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement include £33m (2021: £19m) of deferred 
acquisition costs written off due to deficiencies being identified in technical provisions as a result of liability 
adequacy testing. Further details on liability adequacy testing are included within Note 19. 
(d) Medicare rebate 
In Australia, the government provides an income tested rebate to help people meet the cost of private health 
insurance. Where customers have elected to receive the rebate as a premium reduction through their private 
health insurer, the amounts are recovered from the government. Rebates due from the government but not 
received at the reporting date are recognised in assets arising from insurance business. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 167 
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Inventories in brief Note 13: 
Inventories comprise drugs, prostheses, consumables and housing stock 
Inventories utilised in the course of our care, health and dental operations. 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the first-in first-out 
method, or methods that approximate this, and includes costs incurred in acquiring the inventories and in bringing 
them to their current location and condition. 
As at 31 December 2022, inventories were £91m (2021: £93m). Inventory write-downs of £4m were made during 
the year (2021: £1m). The Group consumed £219m (2021: £221m) of inventories, which are recognised within other 
operating expenses in the Consolidated Income Statement. 
Trade and other receivables in brief Note 14: 
Trade and other receivables arise in the ordinary course of business. 
Trade and other 
receivables 
2022 2021 
Note £m £m 
Trade receivables (a) 420 319 
Other receivables (a) 228 123 
Service concession receivables (b) 71 30 
Prepayments 148 100 
Contract costs 4 5 
Accrued income 58 47 
Total trade and other receivables 929 624 
Non-current 26 13 
Current 903 611 
 
   
        
          
                   
                 
      
                  
                 
      
 
 
   
     
           
 
     
     
      
    
     
     
        
    
    
                  
              
                    
                 
                   
     
              
    
                
                 
               
                 
                   
                  
                   
          
      
   
Trade and other receivables are carried at amortised cost, net of provisions for ECLs. Trade receivables relate to 
consideration due from customer contracts. All trade receivables and service concession receivables are classified 
as receivables under IFRS 15, as a receivable is an entity’s right to consideration that is unconditional, i.e. only the 
passage of time is required before payment is due. Other receivables relate to consideration due from contracts 
that are outside the scope of IFRS 15, e.g. rental receivables. Information regarding the ageing of trade and other 
receivables is shown in Note 26.3. 
The carrying value of trade and other receivables is a reasonable approximation of fair value. 
(a) Impairment of financial assets 
Financial assets comprise trade and other receivables and financial investments. Refer to Note 9 for financial 
investments. 
All receivables are measured net of lifetime ECL. Where appropriate, a provision matrix is used to estimate ECL. 
Under a provision matrix, receivables are grouped into customer segments and further divided into categories 
by age. Historical credit loss experience and any relevant forward-looking information is then used to establish 
the ECL provision for each category. An analysis of ECL provisions for trade and other receivables is disclosed 
in Note 26.3. All impairment losses are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement within net impairment 
on financial assets. Impairment losses on trade receivables of £11m have been recognised in the period (2021: £8m). 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 168 
   
               
                   
                    
                 
   
               
                  
                  
                   
                  
         
 
 
   
      
           
         
            
     
 
         
     
        
                
                 
                  
                 
          
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
(b) Service concession receivables 
The Group has recognised service concession receivables in respect of a public–private partnership arrangement in 
Spain. A financial asset is recognised to the extent that Bupa has an unconditional contractual right to receive cash 
at the direction of the grantor for both the construction and operational services and the grantor has little, if any, 
discretion to avoid payment. This financial asset is carried at amortised cost (using the effective interest method) 
less ECL provision. 
In respect of operational services provided, revenue is recognised based on the average operating margin for 
the life of the contract. The operating margin is based on historic performance plus projections and is reassessed 
based on changes in expected performance, with an adjustment made to the current year results to bring the 
contract performance to date in line with the revised margin. As revenue is based on an expected margin, with 
some potential variability, revenue is only ever recognised to the extent that it is highly probable a significant 
reversal will not occur when the uncertainty is resolved. 
Cash and cash equivalents in brief Note 15: 
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances, call deposits and other 
Cash and cash short-term highly liquid investments (including money market funds) with 
original maturities of three months or less which are subject to an 
equivalents insignificant risk of change in value. 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Cash at bank and in hand 1,141 1,247 
Short-term deposits 262 492 
Total cash and cash equivalents 1,403 1,739 
Bank overdrafts of £2m (2021: £1m) that are repayable on demand are reported within other interest-bearing 
liabilities in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. Demand deposits that have restrictions on use set by 
a third party that fundamentally change the nature of the demand deposits are reported within restricted assets in 
the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. Both of these are considered as components of cash and cash 
equivalents for the purpose of the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 169 
 
 
  
  
 
       
          
              
            
          
    
                     
                  
    
                 
 
       
 
   
       
       
     
       
          
      
     
        
       
          
          
                     
                   
                       
              
            
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Note 16: 
Assets and 
liabilities held 
for sale 
Assets and liabilities held for sale in brief 
Non-current assets or disposal groups comprising assets and liabilities are 
classified as held for sale if it is highly probable that their carrying amount 
will be recovered primarily through sale rather than continuing use and a 
sale within 12 months is considered to be highly probable. 
Classification as held for sale 
Assets held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. Subsequent 
to initial classification as held for sale, any impairment losses and gains or losses on remeasurement are recognised 
in the Consolidated Income Statement. 
On classification as held for sale, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment are no longer amortised 
or depreciated. 
Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Assets held for sale 
Goodwill and intangible assets – 17 
Property, plant and equipment 31 20 
Investment property 1 – 
Trade and other receivables – 1 
Total assets classified as held for sale 32 38 
Liabilities associated with assets held for sale 
Lease liabilities – (2) 
Provisions for liabilities and charges (1) (1) 
Trade and other payables – (1) 
Total liabilities classified as held for sale (1) (4) 
Net assets classified as held for sale 31 34 
Net assets held for sale as at 31 December 2022 predominantly comprise a number of care homes within Bupa UK 
Care Services, Bupa Villages and Aged Care New Zealand and Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia, as well as 
an office within Care Plus in Brazil. Net assets held for sale as at 31 December 2021 primarily comprised the Dental 
Corporation New Zealand business, the Dental Corporation Australia's ‘Dental Lounge’ business and a number 
of care homes and assets within Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 170 
 
    
          
    
               
                 
                
   
                   
                   
                    
              
 
 
      
      
  
      
             
       
       
     
    
    
 
 
  
               
               
             
             
               
                   
             
               
   
               
      
               
                   
                       
           
                  
                      
                
                
                      
                 
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Borrowings in brief Note 17: 
The Group has various sources of funding including subordinated bonds, 
Borrowings senior unsecured bonds and loans. 
Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, 
they are held at amortised cost, with any difference between the initial recognition value and redemption value 
being recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement over the period of the borrowings on an effective 
interest basis. 
The Group uses interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate risk on certain borrowings under fair value hedges. 
Changes in the fair value of swaps designated and qualifying as fair value hedge are recorded in the Consolidated 
Income Statement together with changes in the fair value of the borrowings, due to the hedged risk. A gain or 
loss relating to any ineffective portion is directly recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement. 
2022 2021 
Note £m £m 
Subordinated liabilities 
Subordinated unguaranteed bonds (a) 998 997 
Total subordinated liabilities 998 997 
Other interest-bearing liabilities 
Senior unsecured bonds (b) 600 642 
Fair value adjustment in respect of hedged interest rate risk (60) (16) 
Bank loans and overdrafts (c) 108 196 
Total other interest-bearing liabilities 648 822 
Total borrowings 1,646 1,819 
Non-current 1,287 1,623 
Current 359 196 
Other interest-bearing 
Subordinated liabilities liabilities Total 
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
At beginning of year 997 1,247 822 1,191 1,819 2,438 
Arising on business combinations – – 1 2 1 2 
Net repayments – (250) (141) (322) (141) (572) 
Interest payments (47) (58) (17) (25) (64) (83) 
Accrued interest and amortisation 48 58 19 24 67 82 
Fair value adjustment in respect of hedged risk – – (44) (28) (44) (28) 
Foreign exchange – – 8 (20) 8 (20) 
At end of year 998 997 648 822 1,646 1,819 
(a) Subordinated unguaranteed bonds 
The total carrying value of subordinated unguaranteed bonds, net of accrued interest, capitalised issue costs 
and discounts, was £998m (2021: £997m). 
On 24 September 2021, Bupa Finance plc early redeemed £250m of £500m unguaranteed subordinated bonds 
originally due to mature on 25 April 2023. Maturity of the remaining £250m portion is unchanged and interest is 
payable on the bonds at 5.00% per annum. In the event of the winding up of Bupa Finance plc the claims of the 
bondholders are subordinated to the claims of other creditors of that company. 
On 25 June 2020, Bupa Finance plc issued £350m of unguaranteed subordinated bonds which mature on 14 June 
2035. Interest is payable on the bonds at 4.125% per annum. In the event of the winding up of Bupa Finance plc 
the claims of the bondholders are subordinated to the claims of other creditors of that company. 
On 8 December 2016, Bupa Finance plc issued £400m of unguaranteed subordinated bonds which mature on 
8 December 2026. Interest is payable on the bonds at 5.000% per annum. In the event of winding up of Bupa 
Finance plc the claims of the bondholders are subordinated to the claims of other creditors of that company. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 171 
   
                  
                       
       
                    
  
                  
                      
               
                    
         
                  
                      
               
                    
         
           
    
                   
                     
               
                  
               
                     
                  
                    
                 
                  
  
    
                     
                
        
                    
                
                 
   
                  
                 
        
          
 
    
             
              
               
              
          
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
(b) Senior unsecured bonds 
On 13 April 2022, Bupa Chile early redeemed £47m of inflation-linked senior unsecured bonds that were issued on 
30 June 2012 and originally due to mature on 30 June 2033. This led to a loss of £6m charged to the Consolidated 
Income Statement within financial expenses (see Note 2.5). 
On 17 June 2021, Bupa Finance plc repaid £350m of senior unsecured bonds. Interest was payable on the bonds at 
3.375% per annum. 
On 25 June 2020, Bupa Finance plc issued £300m of senior unsecured bonds, guaranteed by the Company, which 
mature on 14 June 2027. Interest is payable on the bonds at 1.750% per annum. The total hedged fair value of these 
£300m senior unsecured bonds, including accrued interest, capitalised issue costs and discounts, is £252m (2021: 
£284m). The valuation adjustment is the change in value arising from interest rate risk which is matched by the fair 
value of swap contracts in place to hedge this risk. 
On 5 April 2017, Bupa Finance plc issued £300m of senior unsecured bonds, guaranteed by the Company, which 
mature on 5 April 2024. Interest is payable on the bonds at 2.000% per annum. The total hedged fair value of these 
£300m senior unsecured bonds, including accrued interest, capitalised issue costs and discounts, is £288m (2021: 
£298m). The valuation adjustment is the change in value arising from interest rate risk which is matched by the fair 
value of swap contracts in place to hedge this risk. 
See Note 26.2.2 for details on the Group's interest rate hedging activities. 
(c) Bank loans and overdrafts 
Bank loans and overdrafts are £108m (2021: £196m), which includes a portfolio of loans held in Bupa Chile totalling 
£33m (2021: £38m), loans held in Grupo Bupa Sanitas S.L. of £3m (2021: £nil) and a tri syndicated loan held in 
Especializada y Primaria L’Horta-Manises S.A.U. (part of Sanitas Hospitales and New Services) of £2m (2021: £8m). 
In December 2021, the Group entered into a £900m revolving credit facility which had an initial maturity of 
December 2026 with two, one-year extension options. The facility replaced an £800m revolving credit facility 
and a separate £40m bilateral facility. In November 2022, the facility was extended by the first of the two options 
with the maturity date for the facility now December 2027. The second optional extension is in November 2023. 
The facility was drawn down by £70m as at 31 December 2022 (2021: £150m drawn down). Drawings under the 
£900m facility are guaranteed by the Company. The overdraft facilities are subject to cross guarantees within the 
Group. The bank loans and overdrafts bear interest at commercial rates linked to SONIA for sterling or equivalent 
for other currencies. 
Fair value of financial liabilities 
The fair value of a financial liability is defined as the amount for which a financial liability could be exchanged in 
an arm’s-length transaction between informed and willing parties. Fair values of subordinated liabilities and senior 
unsecured bonds are calculated based on quoted prices. 
The fair values of quoted liabilities in active markets are based on current offer prices. The fair values of financial 
liabilities for which there is no active market are established using valuation techniques. These may include 
reference to the current fair value of other instruments that are substantially the same and discounted cash 
flow analysis. 
Financial liabilities are categorised into a three-level fair value hierarchy as described in Note 9. Where the fair 
value of a bond cannot be otherwise determined from quoted market values, the instrument is discounted using 
similar duration treasuries and applying an instrument-specific spread. 
An analysis of borrowings by fair value classification is as follows: 
2022 2021 
Level 1 Level 2 Total Level 1 Level 2 Total 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
Subordinated liabilities 906 – 906 1,104 – 1,104 
Senior unsecured bonds 545 – 545 608 44 652 
Bank loans and overdrafts 2 106 108 – 196 196 
Total fair value 1,453 106 1,559 1,712 240 1,952 
The Group does not have any Level 3 financial liabilities. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 172 
 
   
               
            
 
                 
                  
            
                    
             
                  
                
                    
                      
                
                   
  
                  
                   
                
                 
                
                
                   
                  
     
                 
                      
          
 
 
        
        
    
    
    
       
    
            
      
       
    
    
        
               
                 
               
 
                  
                  
                
                  
                  
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Leases in brief Note 18: 
Leases are contracts that convey the right to use an asset for a period of 
Leases time in exchange for consideration. The majority of the Group’s leases relate 
to properties. 
The Group’s leases primarily relate to hospitals, care homes, clinics and office buildings. Lease terms are negotiated 
on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. Property leases often include 
extension and termination options, open market rent reviews, indexation uplifts or fixed uplifts. 
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the 
commencement date, discounted using the individual lessee company’s incremental borrowing rate taking into 
account the duration of the lease. The lease liability is subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective 
interest method, with the finance cost charged to the Consolidated Income Statement over the lease period so 
as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. It is remeasured when 
there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in index or rate, or if the Group changes its 
assessment of whether it will exercise an extension or termination option. The lease liability is recalculated using 
a revised discount rate if the lease term changes as a result of a modification or reassessment of an extension 
or termination option. 
The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted 
for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an 
estimate of costs to restore properties to their original condition, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-
use asset, excluding restoration costs, is typically depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lease term. In 
addition, the right-of-use asset may be adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability, such as 
indexation and market rent review uplifts. Restoration costs included in the right-of-use asset are amortised over 
the same term as the corresponding provision, which may be longer than the IFRS 16 contractual lease term where 
occupancy of the property is expected to be longer than the existing contract. The movement of the right-of-use 
asset is disclosed in Note 4. 
The Group has elected not to recognise the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have 
a term of 12 months or less or leases that are of low value (£4,000 or less). Lease payments associated with these 
leases are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
2022 2021 
Lease liabilities £m £m 
At beginning of the year 921 
Additions arising on business combinations 4 
Additions 51 
Disposals (1) 
Remeasurement 56 
Interest on lease liabilities 46 
Repayments (181) 
Transfer to liabilities associated with assets held for sale – 
Foreign exchange 36 
At end of year 932 
Non-current 801 
Current 131 
1,016 
2 
50 
(10) 
39 
47 
(177) 
(2) 
(44) 
921 
794 
127 
See Note 26.4 for maturity analysis of lease liabilities. 
Expenses 
The Consolidated Income Statement includes expenses relating to short-term leases of £4m (2021: £5m) and 
expenses relating to leases of low-value assets of £1m (2021: £1m). Depreciation of right-of-use assets is reported 
in Note 4. Interest on lease liabilities is reported within financial expenses (see Note 2.5). 
Extension options 
Some property leases in the Group contain extension options exercisable by the lessee before the end of the non-
cancellable contract period. The periods covered by extension options are only included in the lease term if the 
lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the options. At lease commencement an assessment is performed of 
whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the extension options, taking into account factors like the future timing 
of options, economic incentives for the lessee to exercise the option or the lessee's past practice. The Group 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 173 
                   
     
                  
                 
 
                 
                  
                   
                  
  
                      
 
  
                
                   
      
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
       
      
         
         
          
           
            
         
     
        
   
                
                   
    
                    
                
                  
                   
                 
                    
                  
                   
      
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the extension option if there is a significant event or change 
in circumstances within its control. 
As at 31 December 2022, potential discounted future cash outflows of £358m (2021: £347m) have not been 
included within lease liabilities because it is not reasonably certain that the related extension options will be 
exercised. 
Termination options 
A number of lease contracts in the Group contain termination options. Periods covered by a termination option 
are only included in the lease term if the lessee is reasonably certain not to exercise the option. 
As at 31 December 2022, potential discounted future cash outflows of £60m (2021: £52m) have not been included 
within lease liabilities because it is not reasonably certain that the related termination options will not be exercised. 
Future lease commitments 
The Group is committed to leases that have not yet commenced to the value of £10m as at 31 December 2022 
(2021: £26m). 
Variable lease payments 
Some leases, predominantly of care home properties in Spain, contain variable lease payments that are based 
on earnings. The future potential cash flows arising from variable lease payments not included in the lease liability 
are estimated at £23m (2021: £14m). 
Note 19: 
Provisions 
arising from 
insurance 
contracts and 
other liabilities 
arising from 
insurance 
business 
Provisions arising from insurance contracts and other 
liabilities arising from insurance business in brief 
The provisions arising from insurance contracts and other liabilities 
arising from insurance business arise from the Group’s underwriting 
activities. The provisions mainly relate to unearned premiums, which are 
deferred revenues that relate to future periods; and claims, where an 
estimate is made of the expense required to settle existing obligations to 
insurance customers. The other liabilities primarily consist of obligations 
to repay deposits and commissions payable. 
19.1 Provisions arising from insurance contracts 
Provisions for unearned premiums 
The unearned premium provision represents premiums written that relate to periods of risk in future accounting 
periods. It is calculated on a straight-line basis, which is not materially different from a calculation based on the 
pattern of incidence of risk. 
In circumstances where a return of premiums is likely to be due to policyholders, a provision for the return of 
premium is established within the provision for unearned premiums. The return of premium provision is treated 
as an adjustment to the initial premium, reducing gross premium income. A provision for return of premiums 
was established in 2020 in respect of Bupa Insurance Limited following the commitment to pass back to eligible 
customers any exceptional financial benefits experienced by the UK PMI business that ultimately arose as a result 
of the COVID-19 pandemic. As at 31 December 2022, the return of premium provision is estimated to be £59m 
(2021: £71m). The reduction in the provision reflects a decrease in the best estimate of the exceptional financial 
benefit to be returned to eligible customers due to a higher rebound of claims. The provision closed to future 
accrual of benefit from 31 December 2021. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 174 
                
                   
                  
                 
                  
                  
                
                  
                 
                  
      
                 
                
                   
                 
             
                    
                 
   
  
                
                  
            
             
             
              
                
  
                
                   
                
              
                  
                  
                  
 
                     
                
          
                 
                    
                     
                     
                 
                      
                
                
            
                     
               
                 
                  
               
                  
                
                
                 
                  
          
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
The return of premium provision reflects the best estimate of exceptional financial benefit ultimately arising from 
COVID-19 during the period 23 March 2020 to 31 December 2021. It is calculated by estimating the ultimate net 
reduction in claims costs due to the disruption caused by COVID-19, adjusted to take account of incremental costs 
and profit impacts attributable to COVID-19, the estimated costs of deferred claims expected to rebound after the 
reporting date and rebate payments made in 2021 of £110m. The key assumptions in determining the return of 
premium provision are the costs of deferred claims expected to rebound, which has reduced in the level of 
estimation uncertainty since 2021, and COVID-19 related claims inflation expected to be incurred (£24m). It is 
expected that the deferred claims will be incurred over 2023. The assumed level of deferred claims within the 
rebate is sensitive to the cost of healthcare and customer behaviour. A reasonably possible increase or decrease 
in this assumption results in a decrease/increase in the provision of £8m and an increase/decrease in profit 
before taxation by the same amount. 
Provisions for unearned premiums also includes a provision of £45m (2021: £nil) for a premium rate increase 
deferral in respect of the health insurance business in Australia. In accordance with local accounting standards 
and IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts, a premium rate increase deferral provision is recognised at the point the Group 
announces a return to policyholders which will be honoured through a rate deferral, and gross written premiums 
recognised within the Consolidated Income Statement are reduced accordingly. The provision is subsequently 
utilised over the period when the rate deferral is effective. At the reporting date, the amounts provided for are in 
relation to the announcements made by the Group in December 2022 to return permanent net COVID-19 savings 
to eligible policyholders. 
Unexpired risk provision 
Liability adequacy tests are performed at a portfolio level for the Group’s insurance entities. For short-duration 
contracts, a premium deficiency is recognised if the sum of expected costs of future claims and claim adjustment 
expenses, capitalised deferred acquisition costs, and maintenance expenses exceeds the corresponding unearned 
premiums while considering anticipated investment income. Any identified deficiency is charged to the 
Consolidated Income Statement, initially by writing off deferred acquisition costs, and subsequently by 
establishing an unexpired risk provision for losses arising in excess of deferred acquisition costs. 
As at 31 December 2022, an unexpired risk provision of £1m has been recognised (2021: £22m). 
Provision for claims 
The gross provision for claims represents the estimated liability arising from claims episodes in current and 
preceding financial years which have not yet given rise to claims paid. A claims episode is an insured medical 
service that the Group has an obligation to fund which could be consultation fees, diagnostic investigations, 
hospitalisation or treatment costs. The provision includes an allowance for claims management and handling 
expenses. The gross provision for claims also includes a deferred claims provision for claims episodes that have not 
taken place by the reporting date where the Group has a constructive obligation to fund deferred medical services, 
due to regulatory or other public commitments following periods of severe service disruption, as has been the case 
with COVID-19. 
The gross provision for claims across the Group is set in line with Bupa’s claims reserving standards, at a level to 
achieve an appropriate probability of sufficiency and is estimated based on current information and the ultimate 
liability may vary as a result of subsequent information and events. 
Adjustments to the amount of claims provision for prior years are included in the Consolidated Income Statement 
in the financial year in which the change is made. In setting the provisions for claims outstanding, a best estimate 
is determined on an undiscounted basis and then a margin of prudence is added such that there is confidence that 
future claims will be met from the provisions. The level of prudence is set based on the historic accuracy of initial 
estimation to ultimate claims, in order to mitigate the degree of uncertainty attached to the underlying provision 
to an appropriate degree of confidence. The level of prudence is set at a Group level, allowing the Group to benefit 
from a diversification benefit on the prudence margin held by the individual insurance entities in the Group. 
The expected claims are calculated having regard only to contracts commencing prior to the reporting date. 
The methods used and estimates made for claims provisions are reviewed regularly. 
A deferred claims provision of £181m has been recognised as at 31 December 2022 (2021: £163m) in respect of the 
health insurance business in Australia, where the Australian prudential regulator (APRA) had mandated the need 
to provide for the rebound of claims following the ongoing COVID-19 disruption. Australia continued to experience 
ongoing disruption to the supply of local health provision during the year. From 1 October 2022, the provision 
closed to future accrual of deferred claims as the health provision restrictions no longer applied. 
The estimated cost of claims expected to rebound after the reporting date has been calculated as a proportion 
(the deferral rate) of the observed shortfall in incurred claims across the period of disruption, compared with 
pre-COVID-19 expectations. As at 31 December 2022, the estimated amount represents 55% of the shortfall in 
hospitalisation claims in the period since 1 January 2022, compared with expected claims. This has been recognised 
on a best estimate basis, together with an allowance for claims handling costs and an additional risk margin. 
Related future claims experience may differ significantly from these estimates. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 175 
                 
                     
     
 
  
               
              
 
               
              
            
            
                          
         
       
 
               
                
                
             
                
                 
                
                
               
             
               
        
      
 
               
                
                
                
                
                
             
               
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
The key assumption in determining the deferred claims is the assumed deferral rate. A reasonably possible increase 
in the deferral rate of 10% would reduce profit before taxation by £23m. A decrease in the assumption by the same 
amount would have the opposite impact. 
2022 2021 
Gross Reinsurance Net Gross Reinsurance Net 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
General insurance business 
Provisions for unearned premiums 2,444 (26) 2,418 2,104 (24) 2,080 
Provision for claims 1,264 (12) 1,252 1,093 (9) 1,084 
Long-term business 
Life insurance contract liabilities¹ 1 – 1 36 – 36 
Total insurance provisions 3,709 (38) 3,671 3,233 (33) 3,200 
Non-current 63 – 63 50 – 50 
Current 3,646 (38) 3,608 3,183 (33) 3,150 
1. The decrease in the period is due to the sale of the portfolio of life insurance in Bupa Global Latin America, as described in Note 24. 
Reinsurers’ share of insurance provisions is included within Note 12. 
(i) Analysis of movements in provisions for unearned premiums 
2022 2021 
Gross Reinsurance Net Gross Reinsurance Net 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
At beginning of year 2,104 (24) 2,080 2,094 (17) 2,077 
Initial application of IAS 29¹ 4 – 4 – – – 
Additions arising on business combinations – – – 9 – 9 
Premiums deferred 10,274 (137) 10,137 9,354 (109) 9,245 
Movement in rate deferral provision 45 – 45 – – – 
Movement in return of premium provision (12) – (12) (74) – (74) 
Deferred premiums released to income (10,029) 132 (9,897) (9,228) 102 (9,126) 
Increase in unexpired risk provision (19) – (19) 19 – 19 
Disposal of subsidiary – 1 1 – – – 
Foreign exchange 77 2 79 (70) – (70) 
At end of year 2,444 (26) 2,418 2,104 (24) 2,080 
1. Refer to Note 1.7 for details of the adjustments. 
(ii) Analysis of movements in provisions for claims 
2022 2021 
Gross Reinsurance Net Gross Reinsurance Net 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
At beginning of year 1,093 (9) 1,084 1,083 (7) 1,076 
Additions arising on business combinations – – – 3 – 3 
Increase for current year claims 7,782 (97) 7,685 7,386 (79) 7,307 
Cash paid to settle claims (7,661) 94 (7,567) (7,266) 76 (7,190) 
Decrease for prior year claims (22) – (22) (33) 1 (32) 
Movement in deferred claims provision 9 – 9 1 – 1 
Foreign exchange 63 – 63 (81) – (81) 
At end of year 1,264 (12) 1,252 1,093 (9) 1,084 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 176 
    
                
               
                  
                
                 
                    
                
                  
               
              
                
                
             
                 
             
                  
                
                
    
             
                
                 
   
                
               
 
    
      
           
      
           
              
              
 
        
           
 
     
     
     
      
          
                  
               
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Assumptions for general insurance business 
The process of recognising liabilities arising from general insurance entails the estimation of future payments to 
settle incurred claims and associated claims handling expenses, as well as assessing whether additional provisions 
for unexpired risk are required. The principal assumptions in the estimation of the liability relate to the expected 
frequency, severity and settlement patterns of insurance claims, which are expected to be consistent with recently 
observed experience and trends. The aim of claims reserving is to select assumptions and reserving methods that 
will produce the best estimate of the future cash outflows for the subject claims; it is an uncertain process which 
also requires judgements to be made. The resulting provisions for outstanding claims incorporate a margin for 
adverse deviation, over and above the best estimate liability, the quantum of which reflects the level of this 
uncertainty. 
Claims development patterns are analysed in each of the Group’s insurance entities. Where distinct sub-portfolios 
with different claims cost and development characteristics exist, further analysis is undertaken to derive 
assumptions for reserving that are appropriate and can be applied to relatively homogeneous groups of policies. 
Such sub-portfolios may be defined by product line, risk profile, geography or market sector. Various established 
reserving methods for general insurance are considered, typically basic chain ladder, Bornhuetter-Ferguson and 
pure risk cost methods. Additional consideration is given to the treatment of large claims, claim seasonality, claims 
inflation and currency effects, for which appropriate adjustments to assumptions and methods are made. 
While there is some diversity in the development profile of health insurance claims across the Group, such claims 
are generally highly predictable in both frequency and average amount, and claims are settled quickly following 
the medical event for which benefit is claimed. Medical expense claims are, typically, substantially fully-settled 
within just a few months. 
Insurance provisions are inevitably estimates. Actual experience of claims costs and/or administrative expenses 
may vary from that anticipated in the reserving estimates. Deferred claims provisions that have been recognised 
because the Group has a constructive obligation to reserve for deferred claims are calculated separately from the 
base outstanding claims provision. 
The following table shows the impact on profit before taxation of reasonably possible variations in assumptions 
in the carrying value of insurance contract liabilities at the end of the reporting period: 
Increase in claims Increase in expenses 
2022 
Change in variable 5% 10% 
Reduction in profit net of reinsurance before taxation¹ £32m £2m 
2021 
Change in variable 5% 10% 
Reduction in profit net of reinsurance before taxation¹ £32m £2m 
1. The deferred claims provision of £181m (2021: £163m) has been excluded from this sensitivity. 
These variances would reduce the amount of profit before taxation that would otherwise emerge in 
subsequent periods. 
19.2 Other liabilities arising from insurance business 
Other liabilities arising from insurance business consist of payables to insurance creditors. 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Reinsurers' deposits 9 8 
Reinsurance creditors 77 61 
Commissions payable 42 39 
Other insurance payables 93 105 
Total other liabilities arising from insurance business 221 213 
Included within other insurance payables is £38m (2021: £57m) related to announced and yet to be paid cash 
givebacks associated with the return of COVID-19 savings to customers of Bupa Health Insurance, Australia. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 177 
 
 
  
  
      
            
       
                 
                  
                 
                   
      
                 
                
    
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
                    
                  
                  
                  
                   
    
                 
                 
   
                  
                
                
    
                 
                 
                  
                   
                 
            
    
               
                  
                  
         
  
                   
                 
                 
                  
          
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Note 20: 
Provisions for 
liabilities and 
charges 
Provisions for liabilities and charges in brief 
A provision is recognised when the Group is expected to make future 
payments as a result of a past event. 
These payments can result from a legal obligation or a constructive obligation, where an expectation has been 
created by the Group. A provision is made where an outflow of resources is probable and where the payments 
can be reliably estimated. If the effect is material, provisions are determined by discounting the estimated future 
payments at a pre-taxation rate that reflects a current market assessment of the time value of money and, where 
appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. 
Although provisions are made where payments can be reliably estimated, the amounts provided are based on a 
number of assumptions which are inherently uncertain and therefore the amounts that are ultimately paid could 
differ from the amounts recorded. 
Long Customer Provision for NHS dental 
service and remediation underpayment Property contract 
annual and legal Insurance of employee restoration clawback 
leave provisions provisions entitlement provision provision Other Total 
2022 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m 
At beginning of year 95 16 9 62 27 21 49 279 
Interest on obligations – – – – 2 – – 2 
Charge for year 55 8 16 5 3 47 39 173 
Released in year (21) (8) – (7) – (1) (21) (58) 
Utilised in year (34) (1) (11) (22) (2) (17) (13) (100) 
Transfer to liabilities held 
for sale (1) – – – – – – (1) 
Foreign exchange 3 1 – 3 – – 2 9 
Total provisions for 
liabilities and charges 97 16 14 41 30 50 56 304 
Non-current 22 9 10 – 23 – 22 86 
Current 75 7 4 41 7 50 34 218 
Long service and annual leave 
The long service leave provision relates to territories where employees are legally entitled to substantial paid leave 
after completing a certain length of qualifying service. Uncertainty around both the amount and timing of future 
outflows arises as a result of variations in employee retention rates, which may vary based on historical experience. 
The annual leave provision relates to territories where the annual entitlement of leave is not required to be taken 
within a predetermined time nor does it expire. Therefore, uncertainty exists around the timing of future outflows 
as well as around the amount of future outflows due to wage inflation. 
Customer remediation and legal provisions 
Customer remediation provisions relate to the costs of compensating customers for losses or damages associated 
with a failure to comply with regulations or to treat customers fairly. Legal provisions relate to potential and 
ongoing legal claims and represent the discounted fair value of total estimated liabilities. Due to the nature of 
these provisions, the timing and potential cost are uncertain. 
Insurance provisions 
Insurance provisions are in respect of the Group’s self insurance and cover the excess that arises on claims made 
in relation to losses arising from damage to property, business interruption and medical, employee or public 
liability. Any outflows relating to this provision are dependent on the frequency and value of claims submitted 
as well as the excess amount specified within individual policies with insurers. The fund is actuarially assessed 
twice a year to ensure that the provision is adequate. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 178 
     
                
                
              
  
                    
                  
                   
         
    
                   
                      
 
              
             
              
 
 
   
     
          
 
    
      
     
     
         
        
        
        
    
    
                 
                 
           
     
   
              
                     
                  
           
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Provision for underpayment of employee entitlement 
In 2021, a provision was established in respect of underpayments of employee entitlements affecting some current 
and former employees, following an extensive proactive pay compliance review carried out in Australia and New 
Zealand. The Group anticipates that the remaining remediation payments will be made during 2023. 
Property restoration provisions 
Property restoration provisions relate to the estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in its capacity as a 
lessee, when dismantling and removing the underlying asset, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring 
the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease. Due to potential future 
renewals of leases, the timing and potential cost are uncertain. 
NHS dental contract clawback provision 
A provision is held in respect of amounts that are expected to be deducted from future NHS contracts held 
by Bupa Dental Care UK, as a result of not meeting required treatment targets set by the NHS in the current 
contract period. 
Other 
Other provisions include regulatory provisions relating to levies payable to the Group’s various regulators, 
contract-related provisions, provisions for legal costs and other smaller provisions, along with contingent 
consideration related to earn-out payable on acquisitions of dental practices in the UK and Poland. 
Note 21: 
Trade and ot
payables 
her 
Trade and other payables in brief 
Trade and other payables arise in the ordinary course of business. 
Note 
2022 
£m 
2021 
£m 
Accruals 853 822 
Refundable accommodation deposits (a) 455 449 
Trade payables 268 242 
Other payables 268 231 
Occupational right agreement liabilities (b) 374 302 
Deferred income and deferred revenue (c) 107 116 
Social security and other taxes 67 54 
Total trade and other payables 2,392 2,216 
Non-current 71 66 
Current 2,321 2,150 
Trade and other payables (excluding deferred revenue) are carried at amortised cost. The carrying value of trade 
and other payables is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. Information regarding the maturity of trade 
payables, other payables, occupational rights agreement liabilities, refundable accommodation deposits and 
accruals is shown in Note 26.4. 
(a) Refundable accommodation deposits 
Refundable accommodation deposits are non-interest-bearing deposits paid by some residents of care homes held 
in Bupa Aged Care Australia as payment for a place in the care home facility. These deposits are repayable at any 
time when the resident leaves the facility and are therefore not discounted. The deposits are recorded as the 
proceeds received, net of amounts deducted at the election of the resident. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 179 
    
                
                  
                   
               
                       
              
     
      
                  
                 
          
           
 
 
       
      
     
     
       
                         
       
                 
                    
                 
       
 
 
   
 
   
             
          
             
          
       
        
                  
                 
        
                    
                     
                    
                   
 
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
(b) Occupational right agreement liabilities 
Occupational right agreement liabilities represent the amount payable to a resident on termination of the resident's 
occupation rights to an independent living unit in a retirement village in New Zealand or Australia. The liability 
varies according to the agreement with the resident. Changes in the value of the liability are recorded as an 
expense in the Consolidated Income Statement. Residents have the right to cancel their residency agreement 
with the Group at any time. As such, the liability is not discounted but is recognised as a current liability in the 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. Occupational right agreement liabilities are held net of deferred 
management fees and amenities fees receivable. 
(c) Deferred income and deferred revenue 
The total balance of £107m (2021: £116m) includes £79m (2021: £81m) of deferred revenue under IFRS 15, related 
primarily to care home government funding received in advance. The liability is released and recognised as revenue 
as the services are provided and the performance obligations are satisfied. 
Changes in this deferred revenue balance during the year are as follows: 
2021 
2022 restated¹ 
£m £m 
At beginning of year 81 74 
Revenue recognised (390) (356) 
Revenue deferred 384 366 
Foreign exchange 4 (3) 
At end of year 79 81 
1. A correction has been made to the 2021 revenue recognised in the period and deferred revenue in the period, increasing the balances by £201m to 
reflect the gross up of government funding received. 
Revenue recognised includes £75m (2021: £65m) of revenue that was deferred at the beginning of the year. 
£72m (2021: £75m) of revenue deferred as at 31 December 2022 will be recognised during 2023 as the 
performance obligations are satisfied. £7m (2021: £6m) of revenue deferred as at 31 December 2022 will 
be recognised over the remaining contract period. 
Note 22: RT1 notes in brief 
Restricted Tier 1 
The RT1 notes meet the classification of equity and are presented as a 
separate category of equity in the Consolidated Statement of Financial 
(RT1) notes 
Position at an amount equal to the proceeds of issue less transaction costs. 
RT1 coupons are recognised directly in the Consolidated Statement of 
Changes in Equity, net of tax, upon payment. 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Restricted Tier 1 notes 297 297 
On 24 September 2021, Bupa Finance plc issued £300m of RT1 notes with a fixed coupon of 4.000% paid 
semi-annually in arrears. Transaction costs of £3m were recognised in respect of the issue. The total coupon 
paid during the year was £12m (2021: £nil). 
The RT1 notes are perpetual, with no fixed maturity or redemption date. The notes have a first call date of 
24 March 2032 and interest is payable at the sole and absolute discretion of Bupa Finance plc, with cancelled 
interest providing no rights to the holder of the notes nor being considered a default. The RT1 notes are therefore 
treated as equity. The notes are convertible to share capital of Bupa Finance plc on the occurrence of certain 
trigger events. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 180 
 
 
 
   
         
        
             
     
                  
                      
   
   
                  
    
 
 
 
 
 
     
           
             
            
           
     
              
                 
               
 
                 
               
            
              
                    
                
               
                   
   
           
        
 
                 
   
                    
                   
                   
   
                  
             
                
        
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Non-controlling interests in brief Note 23: 
Additional information is provided for entities which are consolidated 
Non-controlling where the Group does not hold a 100% interest. 
interests 
(a) Consolidation of entities in which the Group holds less than 50% equity interest 
Eurocredit Investment Fund 1 plc 
Eurocredit Investment Fund is a structured entity set up for the purpose of investing in primary and secondary 
secured loans. Bupa is the only investor in the issued debt of the entity and is exposed to the risks and rewards 
of the fund. 
(b) Non-controlling interests 
The Group has no subsidiaries whose non-controlling interest is material on the basis of their share of equity 
or profit or loss. 
Note 24: 
Business 
combinations 
and disposals 
Business combinations and disposals in brief 
A business combination refers to the acquisition of a controlling interest 
in a business, which is further defined as an integrated set of activities 
and assets that is capable of being conducted and managed for the 
purpose of providing economic benefits to the owners. A disposal refers 
to the sale of a subsidiary. 
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. Identifiable assets and liabilities acquired 
and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the 
acquisition date. Any non-controlling interests are recognised as a proportionate share of the acquiree’s net 
identifiable assets. 
The identification and valuation of intangible assets arising on business combinations is subject to a degree of 
estimation and judgement. We engage independent third parties to assist with the identification and valuation 
process. In valuing these intangible assets, market-accepted methodologies have been applied. Customer 
relationships are valued using methodologies such as the Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method (where the value 
of an intangible asset is equal to the present value of the after-tax cash ﬂows attributable only to that intangible 
asset). Brands and trademarks are valued using methodologies such as the Relief from Royalty Method (applying 
an estimated royalty rate to the projected sales relating to each asset over the economic life). 
The excess of the cost of acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the identifiable assets acquired 
is recorded as goodwill. 
Acquisition accounting must be completed within 12 months of the transaction date. 
Costs related to the acquisition are expensed as incurred. 
(a) 2022 acquisitions 
During the year, the Group made acquisitions for a total consideration of £23m, recognising net assets on 
acquisition of £9m. 
Acquisitions with a total consideration of £13m were made in Poland over the course of the year as the Group 
continued to expand its presence in the region. This included the acquisition of Med-Polonia Sp. z.o.o in April 2022 
for a consideration of £7m. Total net assets of £4m were recognised in respect of the acquisitions along with 
associated goodwill of £9m. 
In addition, in November 2022, the Group acquired Bité Medica Hospital in Mexico for a consideration of £9m. 
Net assets of £5m and resulting goodwill of £4m were recognised on acquisition. 
There was an adjustment to goodwill and consideration in respect of the prior year Citomed acquisition. 
Both goodwill acquired and consideration increased by £1m. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 181 
                  
                   
                       
          
        
 
 
   
     
     
     
    
     
    
    
  
  
  
  
    
      
     
      
       
       
 
                      
                    
                   
                  
 
                  
                 
 
                
              
                  
                    
       
                   
               
               
                  
                 
    
                   
                     
                   
                 
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Included in the Group Consolidated Income Statement is revenue of £5m and a loss before taxation of £1m 
in relation to those businesses acquired in the year. If the acquisition date of the businesses acquired during 
the year had been 1 January 2022, revenue of £14m and a loss before taxation of £2m would have been recorded 
by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
The following table summarises acquisitions recognised during the year: 
Fair value 
£m 
Intangible assets 7 
Property, plant and equipment 9 
Cash and cash equivalents 1 
Trade and other receivables 2 
Other interest-bearing liabilities (5) 
Trade and other payables (5) 
Net assets acquired 9 
Net assets acquired 9 
Goodwill 14 
Consideration 23 
Consideration satisfied by: 
Cash 23 
Total consideration paid 23 
Purchase consideration settled in cash 23 
Cash acquired on acquisition (1) 
Net cash outflow on acquisition 22 
Settlement of deferred and contingent consideration 7 
Net cash outflow associated with acquisitions 29 
(b) 2022 disposals 
In June 2022, the Group sold its portfolio of life insurance in Bupa Global Latin America to a third party for £(3)m, 
realising a net loss on disposal of £3m. In June 2022 the Group closed the Bupa representative office in China, 
resulting in a net loss on disposal of £4m. Other minor disposals in the year included individual dental businesses 
and care homes in New Zealand, Australia and the UK resulting in a net gain on disposal of £3m. 
(c) 2021 acquisitions 
In January 2021, the Group acquired Vitamedica, a health insurance provider in Mexico, for a consideration of £16m. 
Net assets of £11m and resulting goodwill of £5m were recognised on finalisation of the acquisition balance sheet 
in 2021. 
In addition, the Group acquired the business and membership of Civil Service Healthcare Society Limited (CS 
Healthcare) in January 2021 for £nil consideration. Intangible assets consisting of customer relationships totalling 
£26m and other net assets totalling £16m were recognised as part of the business combination. The resulting gain 
of £42m was recorded as a gain on acquisition of businesses within other income and charges (see Note 2.4). This 
is gross of related transaction costs of £2m. 
Further acquisitions were made in Poland for a total consideration of £32m of which £10m was deferred, largely to 
expand the Group’s presence in outpatient clinics, diagnostic centres and hospitals. These included the acquisition 
of Citomed, an operator of outpatient facilities, diagnostic laboratories and a multi-specialist hospital in October, 
for a consideration of £19m; as well as the acquisition in September of an 88.7% controlling interest in Swissmed, 
a multi-specialist hospital for consideration of £11m. Total net assets of £9m were recognised for these acquisitions, 
with associated goodwill of £23m. 
Included in the Group Consolidated Income Statement for the year ended 31 December 2021 is revenue of £37m 
and a profit before taxation of £5m in relation to those businesses acquired in 2021. If the acquisition date of the 
businesses acquired during the year had been 1 January 2021, revenue of £12,919m and a profit before taxation 
of £424m would have been recorded by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 182 
 
                    
      
                 
              
                  
                   
          
 
 
 
   
            
         
          
         
           
             
            
    
              
                   
                    
                    
               
  
                 
                
             
                 
     
                
                  
             
                  
                  
                 
      
                  
                    
                
                  
                     
       
                   
                   
                 
                
                   
            
                   
                  
           
                 
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
(d) 2021 disposals 
During 2021 the Group disposed of its 70% stake in a provision business in Spain for a consideration of £51m, 
realising a net £1m loss on disposal. 
The Group also completed the sale of its rehabilitation business in New Zealand, realising a gain on disposal 
of £5m, and realised a £3m gain on disposal of an equity-accounted investment in Australia. 
Within aged care, the Group disposed of care homes businesses in Sanitas Mayores for a consideration of £11m 
resulting in a gain on disposal of £3m, while Bupa Villages and Aged Care Australia disposed of care homes for 
a consideration of £33m, realising a gain on disposal of £1m. 
Note 25: 
Capital 
management 
Capital management in brief 
Bupa is a company limited by guarantee, with no shareholders. It is 
funded through retained earnings and borrowings. The Group’s capital 
management objective is to maintain sufficient capital to protect the 
interests of its customers, investors, regulators and trading partners 
while deploying capital efficiently and managing risk to enable Bupa 
to continue to deliver its purpose in a sustainable manner. All profits 
are reinvested to develop the Group’s business for the benefit of 
current and future customers. 
The Solvency II framework, which governs industry regulation and prudential capital requirements within the 
European Union and the UK, became effective from 1 January 2016. The Group has prepared its reporting in line 
with the requirements of the SII regime, as enacted in the UK, following the UK's exit from the European Union. 
The Group is subject to the requirements of Solvency II and it must hold sufficient capital to cover its Group 
Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR), which takes account of the risks in the Group, including those related 
to non-insurance businesses. 
The Group SCR is calculated in accordance with the Standard Formula specified under Solvency II. Bupa has 
obtained approval from the PRA to substitute the insurance premium risk parameter in the Standard Formula 
with a Group Specific Parameter (GSP) which reflects Bupa’s own loss experience. 
The capital positions of the Group and its regulated insurance entities are kept under constant review and these 
are reported quarterly to the Board. 
The Group’s capital resources are managed in line with the Group Capital Management Policy. While the Group 
is subject to the Solvency II requirements at a consolidated level, all regulated entities within the Group maintain 
sufficient capital resources to meet any minimum capital requirement required by respective local regulators. 
In addition, the Group and its regulated entities are required to maintain a buffer over the regulatory minimum 
requirements in line with their capital risk appetites. During the year, the Group and its regulated entities complied 
with all external capital requirements. The ability of the Group’s regulated entities to transfer funds to parent 
entities is subject to local solvency requirements. 
The Group has target ranges for solvency, leverage and interest cover ratios with a view to maintaining a 
strong long-term senior credit rating for Bupa Finance plc with Fitch and Moody’s. The Group as a whole is not 
rated by any rating agency. Individual debt issues and certain subsidiaries within the Group have public ratings. 
At least annually, the Group carries out an Economic Capital Assessment (ECA) in which it makes its own 
quantification of how much capital is required to support its risks. The ECA is used to assess how well the Standard 
Formula SCR reflects the Group’s actual risk profile. 
The ECA forms part of the Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) which comprises all the activities by which 
the Group establishes the level of capital required to meet its solvency needs over the planning period given the 
Group’s strategy and risk appetite. The conclusions from these activities are summarised in the ORSA report which 
is reviewed by the Risk Committee, approved by the Board and submitted to the PRA annually. 
The Group’s eligible Own Funds include the Group IFRS net assets (£6.9bn) valued on a Solvency II basis, together 
with eligible subordinated liabilities, subject to adjustments for non-available assets and non-controlling interests. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s eligible Own Funds, determined in accordance with the Solvency II valuation 
rules, were £4.9bn¹ (2021: £4.5bn), which was in excess of the Group estimated SCR of £2.7bn¹ (2021: £2.5bn). 
This represented a solvency coverage ratio of 181%¹ (2021: 179%). 
1. The Solvency II Capital position (eligible Own Funds, SCR and coverage ratio) is estimated and unaudited. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 183 
 
 
 
   
            
             
            
  
           
              
             
         
              
        
                  
     
                 
                
        
                   
                   
            
 
 
 
 
    
                   
                
   
 
                
               
                  
     
 
                
               
              
                 
                  
                
  
                    
                 
         
                  
                
     
                   
                
     
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Risk management in brief Note 26: 
The Bupa Risk Committee has responsibility to the Board for the oversight 
Risk of risk. It recommends to the Board a risk appetite that reflects Bupa’s 
purpose and expresses the degree of risk Bupa should accept in delivering 
management on its strategy. 
Bupa operates a ‘three lines’ approach to the governance of risk management: 
1. Business management and employees are responsible for the identification and assessment of risks and 
controls. 
2. Risk, Compliance and Clinical Governance functions provide support and challenge the completeness and 
accuracy of risk assessments and the adequacy of mitigation plans. 
3. Internal Audit provides independent and objective assurance on the robustness of the risk management 
framework, and the appropriateness and effectiveness of internal controls. 
The operations of the risk management framework and current principal risks of the Group and how they are 
mitigated are described on pages 42-48. 
The Group has adopted a risk management strategy that endeavours to mitigate these risks, which is approved 
by the Board. In managing these exposures, the Corporate Finance Executive Committee reviews and recommends 
changes to the management of insurance and investment risks. 
The Group has exposure to a number of financial risks associated with its insurance business and from its use 
of financial instruments. These have been categorised into the following types of financial risk, and details of the 
nature, extent, and how the Group has managed these risks is described below. 
▪ Insurance risk 
▪ Market risk 
▪ Credit risk 
▪ Liquidity risk 
26.1 Insurance risk 
Insurance risk only affects the insurance entities in the Group. It consists of underwriting risks which relate to the 
potential inadequacy of insurance premiums as well as reserving risk which relates to the potential inadequacy 
of claims provisions. 
(i) Underwriting risk 
Underwriting risk refers to the potential deviation of claims experience from the actuarial assumptions used for 
setting insurance premium rates which could lead to premium inadequacy. Underwriting risk is therefore concerned 
with both the setting of adequate premium rates (pricing risk) and the management of claims (claims risk) for 
insurance policies underwritten by the Group. 
Pricing risk 
Pricing risk relates to the setting of adequate premium rates taking into consideration the volume and 
characteristics of the insurance policies issued. External influences on pricing risk include (but are not limited 
to) competitors’ pricing and product design initiatives, regulatory environments and claims. The level of influence 
from these external factors can vary significantly between regions and largely depends on the maturity of health 
insurance markets and the role of the regulator. Actuarial analysis performed on a regular basis combined with an 
understanding of local market dynamics and the ability to change insurance premium rates when necessary are 
effective risk mitigations. 
The direct impacts of climate change on health are unclear but these impacts are likely to emerge over time and 
the short-tailed nature of the Group's products allows for responses to be made to any developments, although 
this can be limited by pricing controls in some markets. 
In every general insurer in the Group, the dominant product or policy category is an annually renewable health 
insurance contract. This permits insurance premium rate revisions to respond quickly to changes in customer risk 
profiles, claims experience and market considerations. 
The ability to review premium rates is a significant mitigant to pricing risk. The Group does not underwrite a 
significant amount of general insurance business that commits it to cover risks at premiums fixed beyond a 
12-month period from inception or renewal. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 184 
 
                     
                
                
             
           
                 
                
              
              
                
              
                
         
 
                   
               
                 
            
                
            
                   
                     
       
                
               
                   
                    
                 
                  
  
       
                 
                 
                 
           
                
        
                    
                
                 
                 
              
     
           
              
   
                   
                  
                
               
             
 
                   
                   
                   
             
     
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Claims risk 
Claims risk is the risk of claims exceeding the amounts assumed in the premium rates. This can be driven by an 
adverse fluctuation in the amount and incidence of claims incurred and external factors such as medical inflation. 
Claims risk is managed and controlled by means of pre-authorisation of claims, outpatient benefit limits, the use 
of consultant networks and agreed networks of hospitals and charges. Specific claims management processes 
vary across the Group depending on local requirements, market environment and practice. 
Adverse claims experience, for example, which is caused by external factors such as medical inflation, will affect 
cash flows after the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Recent adverse claims experience is reflected 
in these Consolidated Financial Statements in claims paid and movements in the provisions for claims. 
Generally, the Group’s health insurance contracts provide for the reimbursement of incurred medical expenses, 
typically in-hospital for treatment related to acute, rather than chronic, medical conditions. The contracts do not 
provide for capital sums or indemnified amounts. Therefore, claims experience is underpinned by prevailing rates 
of illness events giving rise to hospitalisations. Claims risk is generally mitigated by having processes to ensure 
that both the treatments and the resulting reimbursements are appropriate. 
(ii) Reserving risk 
Reserving risk is the risk that provisions made for claims prove to be insufficient in light of later events and 
claims experience. There is a relatively low exposure to reserving risk compared with underwriting risk due 
to the very short-term nature of the claims development patterns. The short-term nature of the Group’s general 
insurance contracts means that movements in claims development assumptions are generally not significant. 
The development claims settlement patterns are kept under constant review to maintain the validity of the 
assumptions and, hence, the validity of the estimation of recognised general insurance liabilities. 
The amount of claims provision at any given time that relates to potential claims payments that have not been 
resolved within one year is around 5% in the context of the Group. The small provisions that relate to longer than 
one year can be calculated with reasonable confidence. 
In the early stages of the pandemic, government restrictions across many of our markets affected insurance 
customers’ ability to access treatment in private healthcare facilities and make claims, particularly for elective 
procedures. A proportion of the resultant shortfall in claims is expected to rebound over time and this could result 
in the cost of claims increasing in the long run, due to the deferred costs of treating undiagnosed or under-treated 
illnesses. The Group has established reserves for the deferred claims where a constructive obligation exists. As with 
any reserve of this nature, there is inherent uncertainty in the key judgements, including claims inflation, which may 
impact future results. 
(iii) Other risks related to underwriting health insurance business 
Claims provisions are not discounted and their short-term nature means that changes in interest rates have no 
impact on reserving risk. In addition, the future premium income and claims outflows of health insurance premium 
liabilities are largely unaffected by changes in interest rates. However, changes to inflationary factors such as wage 
inflation and medical cost inflation affect the value of future claims outflows. 
None of the Group’s general insurance contracts contain embedded derivatives, so there are no additional financial 
risks, including interest rate risk, arising from the contracts. 
The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk through some of the insurance liabilities which are settled in a local 
currency. Where possible, these liabilities are matched to assets in the relevant currency to hedge this exposure. 
The majority of the Group’s general insurance activities are single-line health portfolios. Even though only one line 
of business is involved, the Group does not have significant concentration of insurance risk for the following 
reasons: 
▪ Broad geographical diversity across several markets – across the UK, Spain, Australia, Latin America, Türkiye, 
the Middle East and Hong Kong. 
▪ Product diversity between domestic and expatriate, and individual and corporate health insurance. 
▪ A variety of claims type exposures across diverse medical providers: consultants, clinics, individual hospitals 
and hospital groups. 
The Group as a whole, and its principal general insurance entities, are well diversified in respect of insurance risk. 
Only in selected circumstances does the Group use reinsurance. The reinsurance used does not give rise to a 
material counterparty default credit risk exposure for the Group. Restrictions are in place on the credit quality 
and amount of reinsurance ceded to individual counterparties. In most jurisdictions, Bupa has established fee 
agreements with healthcare provider groups to limit the impact of unexpected claims cost inflation. 
(iv) Catastrophe risk 
A natural disaster or a man-made disaster could potentially lead to a larger than expected number of claims being 
received over a short period of time, resulting in higher than expected claims costs. In the majority of jurisdictions, 
Bupa is not contractually liable for such claims. Risks are further reduced by excess of loss reinsurance provided by 
third-party reinsurers. Bupa’s Group Actuarial function oversees and implements strategic improvements to ensure 
the overall adequacy of these arrangements. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 185 
    
                     
             
                 
 
                  
             
                 
                   
                   
  
                    
               
                 
    
     
                
                
                    
                 
 
                   
     
          
        
             
                
  
               
                
                
                
                  
                   
     
               
               
                
                 
            
                 
                  
    
                 
                   
                 
                 
                   
              
              
            
         
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
26.2 Market risk 
Market risk is the risk of adverse financial impact due to changes in fair values or future cash flows of financial 
instruments from fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices, credit spreads and 
equity prices. The focus of the Group’s long-term financial strategy is to facilitate growth without undue balance 
sheet risk. 
In order to reduce the risk of assets being insufficient to meet future policyholder obligations, the Group actively 
manages assets using an approach that balances duration, quality, diversification, liquidity and investment return. 
The Group invests in a limited portfolio of return-seeking assets (principally bonds and loans) via the regulated 
entities in the UK and Australia. These assets totalled £635m as at 31 December 2022 (2021: £632m). These 
entities use value at risk analysis (VaR) to quantify risk, taking account of asset volatility and correlation between 
asset classes. 
In addition to local VaR analysis, the Group applies an aggregate VaR limit to all cash and investments within the 
regulated insurance entities. The Group also limits the contribution of the combined investment risk charge from 
all cash and investments, in both insurance and provision businesses, to a maximum percentage of the Group’s 
Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR). 
26.2.1 Foreign exchange risk 
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risks arising from commercial transactions and from recognising assets, 
liabilities and investments in overseas operations. The Group is exposed to both transaction and translation risk. 
The former is the risk that a company’s cash flows and realised profits may be impacted by movements in foreign 
exchange rates. The latter arises from translating the financial statements of a foreign operation into the Group’s 
presentational currency. 
The results and financial position of the Group’s foreign entities that do not have a functional currency of sterling 
are translated into sterling as follows: 
▪ Assets and liabilities at the exchange rate at the reporting date. 
▪ Income and expenses at average rates for the period. 
All foreign exchange differences arising on translation are recognised initially in other comprehensive income, 
and are only subsequently reclassified to the Consolidated Income Statement in the period in which the entity 
is eventually disposed. 
Foreign currency transactions in the Group’s subsidiaries are measured using the functional currency of the 
subsidiary, which is based on the primary economic environment in which the subsidiary operates. The transactions 
are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate ruling at the date of the transaction. 
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the 
exchange rate ruling at the reporting date; the resulting foreign exchange gain or loss is recognised in operating 
expenses, except where the gain or loss arises on financial assets or liabilities, when it is presented in financial 
income or financial expense as appropriate. 
Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency at historical cost are translated using 
the exchange rate at the date of the transaction; therefore, no exchange differences arise. 
Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency at fair value are translated using the 
exchange rate ruling at the date that the fair value was determined. Transactional foreign exchange differences are 
recognised in operating expenses. Non-monetary items include unearned premiums and deferred acquisition costs. 
Transactional exposures arise as a result of differences between the currency of local revenues and claims, typically 
in the case of international private medical insurance. The currency exposures are deemed to be acceptable but are 
kept under review by management. 
As disclosed in Note 1.7, Türkiye became a hyperinflationary economy during the year. As a consequence, IAS 29 
is applied and the results and balances for the Group's Turkish operations have been adjusted for changes in the 
general purchasing power of the Turkish lira. In addition, all Turkish lira amounts, including transactions in the 
Income Statement during the year, are translated to the Group's presentation currency of sterling, using the closing 
exchange rate in effect on 31 December 2022. The impact of this adjustment is recorded within other foreign 
exchange translation differences in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and within the foreign 
exchange translation reserve in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. The Group recognises the 
remaining exchange difference arising on consolidation within other foreign exchange translation differences 
through other comprehensive income in the foreign exchange translation reserve. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 186 
        
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
                    
   
                
             
              
             
  
                   
                 
                 
           
   
                 
               
                     
                     
              
                 
                  
                   
                
                     
            
                    
              
                    
                
                    
    
  
               
                 
                
            
                
                  
                  
             
          
      
   
1.86 
7.54 
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
The following significant exchange rates applied during the year: 
Average rate Closing rate 
2022 2021 2022 
Australian dollar 1.78 1.83 1.77 
Brazilian real 6.38 7.42 6.38 
Chilean peso 1,076.32 1,045.64 1,023.92 
Danish krone 8.73 8.65 8.39 
Euro 1.17 1.16 1.13 
Hong Kong dollar 9.68 10.69 9.42 
Mexican peso 24.88 27.90 23.54 
New Zealand dollar 1.94 1.95 1.91 
Polish zloty 5.50 5.31 5.28 
Saudi riyal 4.64 5.16 4.54 
Turkish lira¹ 22.58 12.22 22.58 
US dollar 1.24 1.38 1.21 
2021 
1,152.93 
8.84 
1.19 
10.55 
27.74 
1.98 
5.46 
5.08 
17.97 
1.35 
1. Closing rate of Turkish lira applied to average rate following the application of IAS 29. Refer to Note 1.7 for details. 
Foreign exchange hedging activities 
The Group manages its exposure to foreign exchange risk by entering into hedging transactions using derivative 
financial instruments. The Group applies fair value, cash flow and net investment hedge accounting. 
The hedging relationship between a hedging instrument and a hedged item is formally documented. 
Documentation includes the risk management objectives and the strategy in undertaking the hedge transaction. 
(a) Fair value hedges 
Where a derivative financial instrument hedges the change in fair value of a recognised asset or liability or an 
unrecognised firm commitment, any gain or loss on remeasurement of the hedging instrument at fair value is 
recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement. The hedged item is fair valued for the hedged risk with any 
gain or loss on remeasurement being recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement. 
(b) Cash flow hedges 
Where a derivative financial instrument hedges the change in cash flows related to a recognised asset or liability, 
or a highly probable forecast transaction, it is accounted for as a cash flow hedge. 
The effectiveness of a cash flow hedge is the degree to which the cash flows attributable to a hedged risk are 
offset by changes in the cash flows of the hedging instrument. The effective portion of any gain or loss on the 
hedging instrument is recognised directly in other comprehensive income until the forecast transaction occurs, 
i.e. when a hedged interest payment is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement, the related hedging 
gain or loss is also recycled to the Consolidated Income Statement, and when a hedged business combination 
is recognised, the hedging gain or loss is also recycled to goodwill in the Consolidated Statement of Financial 
Position. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss is always recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement. 
If the hedged cash flow is no longer expected to take place, all deferred gains and losses are released to the 
Consolidated Income Statement immediately. If the hedging instrument or hedge relationship is terminated 
but the hedged transaction is still expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss at that point remains in other 
comprehensive income and is recognised in accordance with the above policy when the transaction occurs. 
In 2021, a correction to the cash flow hedge reserve of £21m was recognised. The cash flow hedge reserve related 
to hedging of acquisitions and should have been reallocated to goodwill (£20m) and investments in associates 
(£1m) on initial application of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments. As at 31 December 2022, the cash flow hedge reserve 
amounts to £nil (2021: £nil). 
(c) Net investment hedging 
The Group hedges appropriate levels of its net asset exposures after taking into consideration key regulatory 
and financial metrics. To hedge the currency risk, the group designates the forward element of foreign currency 
forward and swap contracts as hedging instruments. The Group hedges the net investments only to the extent 
of the notional amount of the foreign exchange leg of the hedging derivative. 
Changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument are initially recognised in other comprehensive income to 
the extent that the hedge is effective. Exchange differences arising on the consolidation of these net assets are 
deferred in equity until the foreign operation is disposed of or liquidated, when the differences are then recognised 
in the Consolidated Income Statement as part of the gain or loss on disposal. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 187 
              
                    
                   
                
                
                    
                
     
     
                   
                     
  
 
     
       
       
   
           
          
          
        
        
           
         
                  
                   
     
                
           
 
   
  
 
 
       
      
        
       
      
          
        
 
   
  
 
 
       
      
        
       
      
          
        
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
To assess hedge effectiveness, the Group determines the economic relationship between the hedging instrument 
and the hedged items by comparing changes in the fair value of the hedging derivative with changes in the fair 
value of a hypothetical derivative. An amount equal to the excess of the cumulative change in the fair value of 
the hedging derivative over the cumulative change in the fair value of the hypothetical derivative, is recorded 
in the Consolidated Income Statement as ineffectiveness. Ineffectiveness is expected to arise from the effect of 
counterparty and the Group’s credit risk on the fair value of the derivative which is not reflected in the hypothetical 
derivative. Ineffectiveness could also arise from currency basis, which is present in the hedging derivative but 
excluded from the hypothetical derivative. 
Effect of foreign exchange hedging transactions 
The table below shows the notional amounts and carrying values of the currency contracts held by the Group to 
hedge its net investment in foreign operations as at the end of the year, along with the impact of net investment 
currency hedging activity. 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Notional amounts 1,592 1,479 
Carrying amount – Assets 5 29 
Carrying amount – Liabilities (53) (5) 
Financial statement line item Derivatives Derivatives 
Change in value used for calculating hedge ineffectiveness (82) 63 
Hedging (losses)/gains recognised in other comprehensive income (80) 62 
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in Consolidated Income Statement (2) 1 
Consolidated Income Statement line item (for ineffectiveness) Financial expense Financial expense 
Consolidated Income Statement line item (for reclassifications) Financial expense Financial expense 
Change in value used for calculating hedge ineffectiveness (82) 63 
Amounts in reserves for continuing hedges (82) 63 
In the Consolidated Financial Statements, where a loan between Group entities results in an exchange gain or loss, 
then it is recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income to the extent that it relates to the 
Group’s net investment in overseas operations. 
The Group has exposure to both translational and transactional foreign exchange risk arising from its overseas 
operations. Currency exposures as at 31 December 2022 are as follows: 
Net currency 
exposure 
Currency 
contracts 
Net currency 
exposure 
including 
hedges 
£m £m £m 
2022 
Australian dollar 2,572 (578) 1,994 
Euro 1,006 (502) 504 
New Zealand dollar 571 (277) 294 
US dollar 307 (368) (61) 
Other 1,548 89 1,637 
Total foreign denominated net assets 6,004 (1,636) 4,368 
Percentage of Group net assets 83% 61% 
Net currency 
exposure 
Net currency Currency including 
exposure contracts hedges 
£m £m £m 
2021 
Australian dollar 2,402 (552) 1,850 
Euro 909 (529) 380 
New Zealand dollar 593 (242) 351 
US dollar 271 (320) (49) 
Other 1,345 172 1,517 
Total foreign denominated net assets 5,520 (1,471) 4,049 
Percentage of Group net assets 74% 54% 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 188 
               
               
     
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
   
  
         
        
          
         
        
         
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
   
  
         
        
          
         
        
         
     
                     
      
                 
               
              
                    
                  
                 
                  
                  
  
                     
      
                     
                   
                     
                
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
The impact of a hypothetical strengthening/weakening of sterling against the currencies below, with all other 
variables constant, would have (decreased)/increased equity and profit by the amounts shown below. These tables 
consider both translation and transaction risk. 
Strengthening 10% Weakening 10% 
(Losses)/gains Gains/(losses) 
included in included in 
Consolidated Income (Losses)/gains Consolidated Income Gains/(losses) 
Statement included in Equity Statement included in Equity 
£m £m £m £m 
2022 
Australian dollar (17) (181) 21 222 
Euro (24) (46) 30 56 
New Zealand dollar – (27) – 33 
US dollar 4 6 (5) (7) 
Other 11 (149) (14) 181 
Total sensitivity (26) (397) 32 485 
Strengthening 10% Weakening 10% 
(Losses)/gains Gains/(losses) 
included in included in 
Consolidated Income (Losses)/gains Consolidated Income Gains/(losses) 
Statement included in Equity Statement included in Equity 
£m £m £m £m 
2021 
Australian dollar (17) (168) 21 205 
Euro (14) (35) 17 42 
New Zealand dollar (2) (32) 2 39 
US dollar 1 4 (1) (5) 
Other (2) (138) 3 169 
Total sensitivity (34) (369) 42 450 
26.2.2 Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because 
of changes in market interest rates. 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk arising from fluctuations in market rates. This affects the return 
on variable-rate assets, the cost of variable-rate liabilities and the Statement of Financial Position value of 
its investment in fixed rate bonds. Variable-rate assets represent a natural hedge for variable-rate liabilities. 
The net asset balance on which the Group is exposed as at 31 December 2022 was £2,154m (2021: £2,002m). 
The rate at which maturing deposits are reinvested, in currencies such as sterling and Australian dollar where 
the Group has a significant variable-rate net asset exposure, represents a significant potential risk to the Group. 
The Group has also used interest rate swaps to manage interest rate exposure whereby the requirement to settle 
interest at fixed rates has been swapped for variable rates. This increases the ability to match variable-rate assets 
with variable-rate liabilities. 
Variable loans are repriced at intervals of between one and six months. Interest is settled on all loans in line with 
agreements and is settled at least annually. 
The impact of a hypothetical rise of 100 basis points (bps) in interest rates at the reporting date, on an annualised 
basis, would have decreased equity by £3m and profit by £2m (2021: decrease of £7m and £6m respectively). The 
impact of a fall of 100 bps in interest rates, on an annualised basis, would have the inverse effect. This calculation 
is based on the assumption that all other variables, in particular foreign exchange rates, remain constant. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 189 
   
                    
 
                    
                   
                   
                        
                    
          
    
                    
                  
 
             
                 
              
                  
                 
   
               
                   
                    
               
                     
                
               
 
                      
                    
                   
                
               
       
               
     
 
      
      
    
            
             
                
     
              
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Interest rate hedging activities 
The Group applies fair value hedges and cash flow hedges to hedge its exposure to interest rate risk on its 
borrowings. 
As at 31 December 2022, interest rate swaps totalling £600m have been entered into, to swap the fixed rate 
coupon on two £300m senior unsecured bonds to a variable rate. These interest rate swaps are designated as fair 
value hedges of the underlying interest rate risk on the debt. The fair value movement in the bonds attributable 
to the hedged risk for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to a gain of £43m (2021: £28m). The fair value 
movement on the interest rate swaps amounted to a loss of £45m (2021: £28m) and the fair value and carrying 
value of this derivative is a £61m liability (2021: £16m liability). 
26.3 Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that those that are in debt to the Group default on their obligations. Examples of credit 
risk would be non-payment of a trade receivable or a corporate bond failing to repay the capital sum and 
related interest. 
Investment exposure with external counterparties is managed by the Enterprise Treasury Policy which ensures 
that there is a sufficient spread of investments and that cash and investment counterparties are rated at least 
A/A2 unless otherwise approved. The Corporate Finance Executive Committee approves the full list of 
counterparties used on a periodic basis. There are exceptions to the A/A2 rating requirement for a number of 
reasons including where local country ratings are below this level and due to certain regulatory and commercial 
requirements in specific markets. 
In estimating Expected Credit Losses (ECL) on financial investments, the Group reviews individual issuer's default 
probability based on a credit score model over a 12-month horizon to determine whether there has been a material 
change in an issue score from the preceding period. Where a specific default score is not available for a single 
investment, average default probabilities for instruments with a similar credit rating are used. Determining when 
an issuer is in financial difficulty and that a lifetime ECL allowance is required, requires the use of judgement. The 
Group considers a number of factors including economy wide and industry specific risk factors, issuer’s financial 
and liquidity position, near-term prospects, credit rating declines and known breaches of contracts in determining 
financial difficulty. 
When there is objective evidence of impairment of a financial asset as a result of one or more events and the event 
has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the assets that can be reliably estimated, the Group considers 
such investments as credit impaired. To the extent that an investment is impaired, it is written down to its 
recoverable amount, measured as the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the original 
effective interest rate on the instrument. Subsequent recoveries in excess of the written-down carrying value 
are credited to the Consolidated Income Statement. 
The investment profile (including financial investments, restricted assets and cash and cash equivalents) as at 
31 December is as follows: 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Investment grade counterparties 4,541 4,209 
Non-investment grade counterparties 697 599 
Total 5,238 4,808 
Investment grade counterparties include restricted assets of £117m (2021: £158m). Non-investment grade 
counterparties are those rated below BBB-/Baa3, and mainly comprise corporate bonds, government bonds, 
deposits with credit institutions and pooled investment funds of £565m (2021: £488m), and cash and cash 
equivalents of £132m (2021: £92m). 
Assets pledged as security include £117m (2021: £158m) of cash held in restricted access deposits. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 190 
                
      
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
    
            
              
              
              
     
            
            
             
             
                   
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
    
            
              
              
              
    
             
            
             
             
                   
             
 
    
         
               
              
               
                 
            
                 
 
    
         
               
              
               
                 
            
                 
 
               
               
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Information regarding the credit risk exposure for financial assets held at fair value through other comprehensive 
income and amortised cost is provided below. 
Corporate debt Deposits with 
Government securities and credit Restricted Cash and cash 
debt securities secured loans institutions Other loans assets equivalents 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
2022 
AAA 173 186 – – 1 2 
AA- to AA+ 107 361 631 – – 402 
A- to A+ 44 580 521 – 116 810 
BBB- to BBB+ 99 4 3 – – 57 
BB+ and below (below investment 
grade) 67 25 76 – 2 132 
Total 490 1,156 1,231 – 119 1,403 
Loss allowance¹ (2) (1) (1) – – – 
Carrying amount 488 1,155 1,230 – 119 1,403 
1. In addition, a provision for expected credit losses on financial investments at FVOCI of £1m has been recognised. 
Corporate debt Deposits with 
Government securities and credit Restricted Cash and cash 
debt securities secured loans institutions Other loans assets equivalents 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
2021 
AAA 75 196 – – 1 76 
AA- to AA+ 41 176 527 – – 604 
A- to A+ – 378 449 – 155 908 
BBB- to BBB+ 61 11 20 – 2 58 
BB+ and below (below 
investment grade) 66 79 49 1 – 93 
Total 243 840 1,045 1 158 1,739 
Loss allowance¹ (2) – (1) – – – 
Carrying amount 241 840 1,044 1 158 1,739 
1. In addition, a provision for expected credit losses on financial investments at FVOCI of £2m has been recognised. 
Information regarding the ageing and impairment of financial and insurance assets is shown below. 
6 months - 1 Greater than 1 Total carrying 
Not past due 0-3 months 3-6 months year year value 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
2022 
Insurance debtors gross value 1,247 126 29 17 21 1,440 
Bad debt provision (1) (8) (2) (8) (8) (27) 
Insurance debtors net value¹ 1,246 118 27 9 13 1,413 
Trade and other receivables gross value 443 163 51 58 100 815 
ECL (6) (5) (4) (6) (17) (38) 
Trade and other receivables net value² 437 158 47 52 83 777 
6 months - 1 Greater than 1 Total carrying 
Not past due 0-3 months 3-6 months year year value 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
2021 
Insurance debtors gross value 1,076 97 24 14 14 1,225 
Bad debt provision (2) (8) (6) (5) (6) (27) 
Insurance debtors net value¹ 1,074 89 18 9 8 1,198 
Trade and other receivables gross value 229 156 46 50 67 548 
ECL (3) (3) (4) (4) (15) (29) 
Trade and other receivables net value² 226 153 42 46 52 519 
1. Comprises insurance debtors, Medicare rebate and Risk Equalisation Special Account recoveries detailed in Note 12. 
2. Comprises trade receivables, other receivables, service concession receivables and accrued income detailed in Note 14. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 191 
                
       
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
     
 
 
   
                                
 
                                
                                 
 
  
                                
                                   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
     
 
 
   
                                
 
                                 
  
   
                                
 
  
                                
                                   
 
               
               
     
              
   
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
      
    
   
 
              
              
               
            
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Information regarding the ECL allowance by class of financial investments held at fair value through other 
comprehensive income and amortised cost is shown below. 
Corporate 
Government debt Deposits with Trade and Other 
debt securities and credit other insurance Restricted Cash and cash 
securities secured loans institutions Other loans receivables¹ debtors² assets equivalents 
Bad 
debt 
prov 
Gross ECL Gross ECL Gross ECL Gross ECL Gross ECL Gross ision Gross ECL Gross ECL 
2022 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m 
At beginning of 
year 243 (4) 840 – 1,045 (1) 1 – 548 (29) 1,225 (27) 158 – 1,739 – 
Recognition 
and settlement 222 1 278 (1) 129 – (1) – 226 (7) 184 2 (45) – (409) – 
Write offs – – – – – – – – – – (17) – – – – – 
Foreign 
exchange and 
other 25 – 38 – 57 – – – 41 (2) 48 (2) 6 – 73 – 
At end of year 490 (3) 1,156 (1) 1,231 (1) – – 815 (38) 1,440 (27) 119 – 1,403 – 
Corporate 
Government debt Deposits with Trade and Other 
debt securities and credit other insurance Restricted Cash and cash 
securities secured loans institutions Other loans receivables¹ debtors² assets equivalents 
Bad 
debt 
prov 
Gross ECL Gross ECL Gross ECL Gross ECL Gross ECL Gross ision Gross ECL Gross ECL 
2021 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m 
At beginning of 
year 143 (6) 871 (1) 1,146 (4) 1 – 534 (28) 1,210 (27) 149 – 1,706 – 
Recognition 
and settlement 103 – (23) 1 (62) 3 – – 57 (4) 56 (1) 9 – 125 – 
Transfer from 
assets held for 
sale – – – – – – – – (2) – – – – – – – 
Foreign 
exchange and 
other (3) 2 (8) – (39) – – – (41) 3 (41) 1 – – (92) – 
At end of year 243 (4) 840 – 1,045 (1) 1 – 548 (29) 1,225 (27) 158 – 1,739 – 
1. Comprises trade receivables, other receivables, service concession receivables and accrued income detailed in Note 14. 
2. Comprises insurance debtors, Medicare rebate and Risk Equalisation Special Account recoveries detailed in Note 12. 
Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities 
The following financial assets and liabilities are subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements 
and similar agreements: 
Gross amounts Net amounts of 
of recognised financial 
financial assets/ Related amounts not set off in Gross amounts liabilities set off (liabilities) the Statement of Financial of recognised in the presented in Position financial Statement of the Statement 
assets/ Financial of Financial Financial Cash collateral 
(liabilities) Position Position instruments received Net amount 
2022 £m £m £m £m £m £m 
Derivative financial assets 28 – 28 (27) (1) – 
Derivative financial liabilities (137) – (137) 27 81 (29) 
Cash and cash equivalents 1,554 (151) 1,403 – – 1,403 
Total 1,445 (151) 1,294 – 80 1,374 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 192 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
 
   
 
 
   
  
 
 
       
   
   
 
              
              
               
            
               
              
               
                 
                     
                   
                      
    
                    
                   
                 
                   
   
                
                
      
                   
                 
     
              
         
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
    
                
                
                
                
                
                
                 
                
    
   
                 
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
2021 
Gross amounts 
of recognised 
financial 
assets/ 
(liabilities) 
£m 
Gross amounts 
of recognised 
financial 
liabilities set off 
in the 
Statement of 
Financial 
Position 
£m 
Net amounts of 
financial assets/ 
(liabilities) 
presented in the 
Statement of 
Financial 
Position 
£m 
Related amounts not set off in the 
Statement of Financial Position 
Financial Cash collateral 
instruments received 
£m £m 
Net amount 
£m 
Derivative financial assets 41 – 41 (15) (19) 7 
Derivative financial liabilities (35) – (35) 15 3 (17) 
Cash and cash equivalents 1,939 (200) 1,739 – – 1,739 
Total 1,945 (200) 1,745 – (16) 1,729 
The Group also mitigates credit risk in derivative contracts by entering into collateral agreements where 
appropriate. The amount of collateral received or posted is shown in the table above. 
For the financial assets and liabilities subject to enforceable master netting arrangements or similar arrangements 
above, each agreement between the Group and the counterparty allows for net settlement of the relevant financial 
assets and liabilities where both elect to settle on a net basis. In the absence of such an election, financial assets 
and liabilities will be settled on a gross basis; however, each party to the master netting agreement or similar 
agreement will have the option to settle all such amounts on a net basis in the event of default of the other party. 
26.4 Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not have available funds to meet its liabilities when they fall due. 
The Group’s main source of short-term funding is via a £900m revolving credit facility which had an initial maturity 
of December 2026 with two, one-year extension options. The first extension option has been exercised leaving the 
current maturity as December 2027 with a further one-year extension. The facility was drawn down by £70m as at 
31 December 2022. 
The Group monitors funding risk as well as compliance with existing financial covenants within the banking 
arrangements. There were no concerns regarding bank covenant coverage in 2022 and that position is not 
expected to change in the foreseeable future. 
The Group holds a strong liquidity position and adheres to strict liquidity management policies as set by the Board 
Risk Committee as well as adhering to liquidity parameters for the Group’s regulated entities. Regular stress testing 
is conducted to assess liquidity risk. 
The contractual maturities of undiscounted financial liabilities and the expected maturities of insurance liabilities 
including estimated interest payments of the Group are as follows: 
Other 
Provisions liabilities 
Other arising arising 
interest- from from Trade and 
Subordinated bearing Lease insurance insurance other Derivative 
liabilities liabilities liabilities contracts business payables¹ liabilities Total 
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m 
As at 31 December 2022 
2023 (297) (83) (177) (3,646) (221) (2,162) (73) (6,659) 
2024 (35) (308) (153) (63) – (21) (15) (595) 
2025 (34) (5) (131) – – (34) – (204) 
2026 (434) (5) (113) – – (1) – (553) 
2027 (14) (303) (104) – – – (49) (470) 
2028-2032 (73) – (332) – – – – (405) 
After 2032 (386) – (219) – – – – (605) 
Total (1,273) (704) (1,229) (3,709) (221) (2,218) (137) (9,491) 
Carrying value in the 
Consolidated Statement of 
Financial Position (998) (648) (932) (3,709) (221) (2,218) (137) (8,863) 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 193 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
    
                
                
                
                
                
                
                 
                
    
   
                 
 
                
  
               
 
    
                   
                  
             
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
    
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
            
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
    
            
            
            
            
            
            
             
            
 
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Other 
Provisions liabilities 
Other arising arising 
interest- from from Trade and 
Subordinated bearing Lease insurance insurance other Derivative 
liabilities liabilities liabilities contracts business payables¹ liabilities Total 
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m 
As at 31 December 2021 
2022 (46) (205) (164) (3,183) (213) (2,009) (17) (5,837) 
2023 (291) (15) (147) (50) – (18) – (521) 
2024 (35) (312) (125) – – (12) (2) (486) 
2025 (35) (9) (107) – – (7) – (158) 
2026 (435) (9) (95) – – – – (539) 
2027-2031 (72) (321) (343) – – – (16) (752) 
After 2031 (400) (8) (233) – – – – (641) 
Total (1,314) (879) (1,214) (3,233) (213) (2,046) (35) (8,934) 
Carrying value in the 
Consolidated Statement of 
Financial Position (997) (822) (921) (3,233) (213) (2,046) (35) (8,267) 
1. Comprises trade payables, other payables, occupational right agreement liabilities, refundable accommodation deposits and accruals detailed in 
Note 21. 
Interest payments are included in the cash flows for subordinated liabilities, other interest-bearing liabilities and 
lease liabilities. 
Maturity profile of financial assets 
The majority of assets arising from insurance business and trade and other receivables fall due within one year as 
detailed in Notes 12 and 14, respectively. The maturity profile of other financial assets (excluding ECLs), which are 
also available to fund the repayment of liabilities as they crystallise, is as follows: 
Corporate 
debt 
Cash and Deposits Government securities, Pooled 
cash with credit debt other loans investment 
equivalents institutions securities and equities funds Total 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
As at 31 December 2022 
2023 1,403 1,190 448 892 436 4,369 
2024 – 44 58 209 – 311 
2025 – – 6 154 – 160 
2026 – – 2 129 14 145 
2027 – – 3 44 – 47 
2028-2032 – – 3 54 9 66 
After 2032 – – 11 13 – 24 
Total 1,403 1,234 531 1,495 459 5,122 
Corporate 
debt 
Cash and Deposits Government securities, Pooled 
cash with credit debt other loans investment 
equivalents institutions securities and equities funds Total 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
As at 31 December 2021 
2022 1,739 997 206 506 373 3,821 
2023 – 43 33 169 – 245 
2024 – – 12 115 – 127 
2025 – 5 1 95 – 101 
2026 – – 4 178 8 190 
2027-2031 – – 20 109 5 134 
After 2031 – – 12 23 – 35 
Total 1,739 1,045 288 1,195 386 4,653 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 194 
 
 
  
    
          
             
       
        
            
           
          
                   
       
     
                 
                   
                     
  
            
 
      
        
     
    
              
         
              
               
                 
                     
  
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Note 27: 
Related party 
transactions 
Related party transactions in brief 
Related party transactions are transactions between the Group and related 
individuals or entities by nature of influence or control. The Group has such 
relationships with its key management personnel, equity-accounted 
investments and associated pension arrangements. The disclosure of 
transactions with these parties in this note enables readers to form a 
view of the impact of related party relationships on the Group. 
All transactions with related parties are conducted on an arm’s-length basis. 
There were no material transactions during the year with any related parties, as defined by IAS 24 Related Party 
Disclosures, other than those disclosed in this note. 
(i) Transactions with key management personnel 
The key management personnel are the Group’s Directors and the Chief Executive Officers of the Group’s Market 
Units. No Director had any material interest in any contracts with Group companies as at 31 December 2022 
(2021: £nil) or at any time during the year. The remuneration of the Group’s Directors is disclosed on pages 82-96 
of this report. 
The total remuneration of the Market Unit Chief Executive Officers is as follows: 
2022 2021 
£'000 £'000 
Short-term employee benefits 3,777 4,332 
Long Term Incentive Plan awards – 2,749 
Post-employment benefits 104 101 
Total 3,881 7,182 
The total remuneration of key management personnel is included in staff costs (see Note 2.3). 
(ii) Transactions in relation to the non-registered pension arrangements 
The Company has made pension commitments to certain former Executive Directors and key management 
personnel through a non-registered unfunded pension arrangement which mirrors the terms of The Bupa Pension 
Scheme (see Note 7). These unfunded benefits are governed by The Law Debenture Pension Trust Corporation plc 
which is the Trustee of the unfunded scheme and is secured by a charge over £40m (2021: £45m) of cash deposits 
(see Note 8). 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 195 
 
 
 
 
    
              
         
             
             
         
       
 
                   
                 
                  
                  
  
   
      
                 
             
                 
                    
    
                      
                      
                
                  
                    
                      
                  
              
                  
                    
                  
                  
                 
                   
                 
                  
                  
                   
                
                  
                    
    
          
      
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
continued 
Commitments and contingencies in brief Note 28: 
A commitment is future expenditure that is committed to as at 31 December 
Commitments 2022. These relate to contracted capital expenditure. Contingent liabilities 
are those that are considered possible at year end, whose existence will be 
and determined by an uncertain future event or, a present obligation that is not 
sufficiently probable or cannot currently be measured with sufficient 
reliability to give rise to a provision. contingencies 
(i) Capital commitments 
Capital expenditure for the Group contracted as at 31 December 2022 but for which no provision has been made 
in the Consolidated Financial Statements amounted to £40m (2021: £68m). Of this, £40m (2021: £67m) relates to 
aged care facility and retirement village project commitments in Australia and New Zealand and care homes in the 
UK; specifically £21m (2021: £29m) in relation to property, plant and equipment and £19m (2021: £38m) in relation 
to investment property. 
(ii) Contingent assets and liabilities 
The Group currently has no contingent assets. 
The Group has contingent liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business. These include losses which might 
arise from litigation, consumer matters, other disputes, regulatory compliance (including data protection) and 
interpretation of law (including employment law and tax law). It is not considered that the ultimate outcome 
of any contingent liabilities other than the item below will have a significant adverse impact on the financial 
condition of the Group. 
In December 2022, a ruling was issued by the Supreme Court in Chile that obliges Isapres to make use of a table 
of risk factors (used to adjust the price of insurance contracts based on risk factors such as age) prepared by the 
Chilean Superintendent of Health in 2019. Like other Isapres, Isapre Cruz Blanca uses product-specific risk factor 
tables rather than the statutory table. The ruling requires the statutory table to be applied going forward, and 
that where the statutory table is applied to previous contracts entered into over the previous 3 years, the excess 
amount is to be returned to the customer to the extent the application of the statutory table results in a lower price 
than that price charged during that period. Any retrospective payments finally determined to be due in respect of 
historic policies as a result of this ruling would be liabilities for Isapre Cruz Blanca. 
The calculation of the impact of the ruling is not possible without detailed application guidance which needs to 
be specified by the regulator. The Chilean Superintendent of Health has six months to determine how to apply this 
ruling to Isapre businesses and there is currently significant uncertainty around how it will be applied and therefore 
its potential impacts. In the absence of the necessary application details, Bupa Chile is unable to reliably estimate 
the value of the future retrospective payments, therefore, no provision has been recognised as at 31 December 
2022. The regulator has confirmed publicly that as at 31 December 2022, the Isapres are not able to reliably 
estimate the amount and this should be disclosed as a contingent liability considering the requirements of IAS 37. 
There are a broad range of possible outcomes in respect of the potential retrospective payments arising from the 
recent Supreme Court decision, however, in contrast to the requirements of IFRS, under Solvency II the Group is 
required to include a value for contingent liabilities, even if the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with 
sufficient reliability. The Group has included an allowance of £100m for this contingent liability for retrospective 
payments within the Solvency II regulatory balance sheet. The final impact is likely to differ materially from this 
value and this is a calculation for Solvency II purposes and not a pre-estimate of all actual or potential losses 
relating to Isapre Cruz Blanca. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 196 
    
     
 
     
       
      
       
       
      
     
 
     
         
        
      
       
     
     
       
     
 
                
     
    
          
                  
   
          
    
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Financial Statements of the Company 
Statement of Financial Position 
as at 31 December 2022 
2022 2021 
Note £m £m 
Assets 
Intangible assets A 63 
24 
200 
404 
159 
21 
871 
84 
23 
200 
541 
130 
23 
1,001 
Property, plant and equipment 
Investment in subsidiaries 
Post-employment benefit net assets 
Trade and other receivables 
Current taxation asset 
Total assets 
B 
C 
D 
E 
Liabilities 
Lease liabilities 
Post-employment benefit net liabilities 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
Deferred taxation liabilities 
Trade and other payables 
Total liabilities 
F 
D 
G 
H 
I 
(6) 
(44) 
(14) 
(76) 
(208) 
(348) 
(6) 
(60) 
(9) 
(143) 
(170) 
(388) 
Net assets 523 613 
Equity 
Income and expenditure reserve 523 613 
Total equity 523 613 
Approved by the Board of Directors and signed on its behalf on 1 March 2023 by 
Roger Davis James Lenton 
Chairman Group CFO 
Notes A-L form the associated notes to the Company financial statements. 
The Company accounting policies are aligned with those of the Group, described in notes 1-28, except as described 
in notes A-L below. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 197 
   
  
       
                 
                 
                
               
       
          
     
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Financial Statements of the Company continued 
Income Statement and Statement 
of Comprehensive Income 
For the year ended 31 December 2022 
The loss for the year recorded within the financial statements of the Company, The British United Provident 
Association Limited (Bupa), is £6m (2021: £30m). In accordance with the exemption granted under Section 408 of 
the Companies Act 2006, a separate Income Statement and Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Company 
have not been presented. The average number of employees, including Executive Directors, employed by the 
Company during the year was 2,294 (2021: 2,055). 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 198 
   
       
 
 
 
 
       
 
      
       
      
     
        
          
            
            
       
          
         
     
        
          
         
          
           
           
          
                  
   
          
     
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Financial Statements of the Company continued 
Statement of Cash Flows 
For the year ended 31 December 2022 
2022 2021 
Note £m £m 
Operating activities 
Loss before taxation expense (32) (62) 
Adjustments for: 
Net financial expense 1 – 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 36 26 
Other non-cash items (9) (7) 
Changes in working capital and provisions: 
Funded pension scheme employer contributions D (1) – 
Increase/(decrease) in provisions for liabilities and charges 5 (11) 
(Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables, and other assets (9) 4 
Increase in trade and other payables, and other liabilities 18 55 
Cash generated from operations 9 5 
Income taxation payments received for group relief 7 15 
Net cash generated from operating activities 16 20 
Cash flow from investing activities 
Purchase of intangible assets 
Purchase of property, plant and equipment 
Net cash used in investing activities 
A 
B 
(13) 
(3) 
(16) 
(20) 
– 
(20) 
Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
Notes A-L form the associated notes to the Company financial statements. 
The Company accounting policies are aligned with those of the Group, described in notes 1-28, except as described 
in notes A-L below. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 199 
    
       
 
  
 
 
         
       
  
         
           
    
            
         
         
  
 
 
         
       
  
         
           
    
            
         
         
 
          
                  
   
          
     
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Financial Statements of the Company continued 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
For the year ended 31 December 2022 
Income and 
expenditure 
reserve Total equity 
Note £m £m 
2022 
Balance as at 1 January 2022 613 
Loss for the year (6) (6) 
Other comprehensive income/(expense) 
Remeasurement loss on pension schemes 
Taxation credit on income and expense recognised directly in other comprehensive 
income 
D 
H 
(131) 
47 
(131) 
47 
Other comprehensive expense for the year, net of taxation (84) (84) 
Total comprehensive expense for the year (90) (90) 
Balance as at 31 December 2022 523 523 
Income and 
expenditure 
reserve Total equity 
£m £m 
2021 
Balance as at 1 January 2021 649 649 
Loss for the year (30) (30) 
Other comprehensive income/(expense) 
Remeasurement loss on pension schemes 
Taxation credit on income and expense recognised directly in other comprehensive 
income 
D 
H 
(9) 
3 
(9) 
3 
Other comprehensive expense for the year, net of taxation (6) (6) 
Total comprehensive expense for the year 
Balance as at 31 December 2021 
(36) 
613 
(36) 
613 
Notes A-L form the associated notes to the Company financial statements. 
The Company accounting policies are aligned with those of the Group, described in notes 1-28, except as described 
in notes A-L below. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 
613 
200 
     
              
 
       
     
     
    
        
    
       
       
     
        
           
           
      
                  
                 
        
  
                   
                
                
                
                   
  
  
                   
   
                
                 
                   
      
                
    
                  
          
     
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Financial Statements of the Company continued 
A. Intangible assets 
Intangible assets are non-physical assets held by the Company and consist of computer software only. 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Cost 
At beginning of year 160 147 
Additions 13 20 
Disposals (4) (7) 
Other (3) – 
At end of year 166 160 
Amortisation and impairment loss 
At beginning of year 76 63 
Amortisation for year 31 20 
Disposals (4) (7) 
At end of year 103 76 
Net book value at end of year 63 84 
Net book value at beginning of year 84 84 
B. Property, plant and equipment 
Property, plant and equipment are the physical assets utilised by the Company to carry out business activities and 
generate revenues and profits. The majority of the assets relate to office buildings, IT and other office equipment. 
2022 2021 
Right-of- Right-of-
use asset Leasehold Owned use asset Leasehold Owned 
property improvements equipment Total property improvements equipment Total 
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m 
Cost or valuation 
At beginning of year 6 16 35 57 6 21 42 69 
Additions – – 3 3 – – – – 
Disposals – – – – – (5) (7) (12) 
Other – (2) 5 3 – – – – 
At end of year 6 14 43 63 6 16 35 57 
Depreciation and 
impairment loss 
At beginning of year – 9 25 34 – 13 27 40 
Depreciation charge for 
year – 1 4 5 – 1 5 6 
Disposals – – – – – (5) (7) (12) 
At end of year – 10 29 39 – 9 25 34 
Net book value at end of 
year 6 4 14 24 6 7 10 23 
Net book value at 
beginning of year 6 7 10 23 6 8 15 29 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 201 
     
              
                
                  
       
                
  
                  
                 
               
             
    
               
               
 
                 
                   
               
                  
              
   
                    
                     
                      
            
                
                 
                
               
     
     
                
        
 
  
 
                
                 
                
                 
              
      
      
      
       
          
     
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Financial Statements of the Company continued 
C. Investment in subsidiaries 
Investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less impairment in the Company’s financial statements. 
Investments are reviewed annually to test whether any indicators of impairment exist. Where there is objective 
evidence of such an asset being impaired, the investment is impaired to its recoverable value and any unrealised 
loss is recorded in the Income Statement. 
Dividends received from subsidiaries are recognised in the Income Statement when the right to receive the 
dividend is established. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Company held investments in subsidiaries of £200m (2021: £200m). In accordance 
with Section 409 of the Companies Act 2006, a full list of subsidiaries, associated undertakings and significant 
holdings in undertakings other than subsidiaries, the registered addresses and the effective percentage of equity 
owned, as at 31 December 2022, is disclosed after the Company financial statements. 
D. Post-employment benefits 
The Company operates defined benefit schemes and a defined contribution pension scheme for the benefit 
of employees and Directors, in addition to an unfunded pension scheme and a post-retirement medical 
benefit scheme. 
The main defined benefit scheme is The Bupa Pension Scheme which has been closed to new entrants since 
1 October 2002 and closed to future accrual since 31 December 2020. Following the closure of this scheme to 
future accrual, existing members retain any ongoing salary link, with future benefits payable dependent upon 
member salary at the date of leaving or retirement. Any current employees who were members of The Bupa 
Pension Scheme were automatically enrolled into a defined contribution scheme, the My Bupa LifeSight Plan, 
from 1 January 2021. 
The recognised surplus in relation to The Bupa Pension Scheme is limited to the present value of any future refunds 
from the scheme in the event of a wind up. There are no minimum funding requirements in place and the Trustees 
do not have the unilateral power to trigger a wind up of the Scheme. Once all members have left the scheme, the 
Company can wind up the scheme and is entitled to any remaining surplus. 
During the year, deficit reduction contributions of £1m were paid and further deficit reduction contributions of 
£1m per annum are due for 2023 and 2024, in respect of the smaller defined benefit scheme. 
The Company is the sponsoring employer for The Bupa Pension Scheme, the unfunded pension scheme and post-
retirement medical benefit scheme described in Note 7.1. The actuarial assumptions underlying the valuation of 
obligations are detailed in Note 7.2. 
(i) Assets and liabilities of schemes 
The assets and liabilities in respect of the defined benefit funded pension scheme, unfunded pension scheme 
and post-retirement medical benefit scheme are as follows: 
Post-retirement medical 
Pension schemes benefit scheme Total 
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 
Note £m £m £m £m £m £m 
Present value of funded obligations (ii) (1,109) (1,887) – – (1,109) (1,887) 
Fair value of plan assets (iii) 1,512 2,425 – – 1,512 2,425 
Net assets of funded schemes 403 538 – – 403 538 
Present value of unfunded obligations (ii) (39) (51) (4) (6) (43) (57) 
Net recognised assets/(liabilities) 364 487 (4) (6) 360 481 
Represented on the Statement of Financial Position: 
Net assets 404 541 
Net liabilities (44) (60) 
Net recognised assets 360 481 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 202 
      
            
 
 
  
 
               
               
                  
      
            
      
            
             
               
      
           
 
       
     
         
      
     
     
       
            
 
      
     
    
     
     
    
        
                   
                 
 
                
                    
      
          
 
         
     
           
          
     
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Financial Statements of the Company continued 
(ii) Present value of the schemes’ obligations 
The movements in the present value of funded and unfunded schemes’ obligations are: 
Post-retirement medical 
Pension schemes benefit scheme Total 
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
At beginning of year 1,938 1,997 6 8 1,944 2,005 
Interest on obligations 35 29 – – 35 29 
Gain arising from changes to financial assumptions (784) (10) (1) – (785) (10) 
Loss/(gain) arising from changes to experience 
assumptions 21 (22) – (2) 21 (24) 
(Gain)/loss arising from changes to demographic 
assumptions (2) 10 – – (2) 10 
Benefits paid (60) (66) (1) – (61) (66) 
At end of year 1,148 1,938 4 6 1,152 1,944 
(iii) Fair value of funded schemes' assets: 
The movements in the fair value of the funded schemes' assets are: 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
At beginning of year 2,425 2,487 
Interest income 43 36 
Return on assets excluding interest income (897) (33) 
Contributions by employer 1 – 
Administration expenses (2) (2) 
Benefits paid (58) (63) 
At end of year 1,512 2,425 
The market value of the assets of the funded schemes are as follows: 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Pooled investment funds 616 1,174 
Corporate bonds 511 803 
Loans 189 164 
Cash/other assets 154 130 
Government bonds 75 140 
Derivatives (33) 14 
Total market value 1,512 2,425 
1. Certain assets have been reclassified within the table above and prior year amounts have been updated to reflect this. 
Aside from corporate bonds and government bonds in the table above, no other assets have a quoted 
market price. 
Aside from sole investor funds reported in the pooled investment funds line above, amounts reported include 
those held through pooled investment funds in which Bupa is not the sole investor as well as direct investments. 
(iv) Amounts recognised in the Income Statement 
The amounts (credited)/charged to other operating expenses for the year are: 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Net interest on defined benefit liability/asset (8) (7) 
Administrative expenses 2 2 
Total amount credited to the Income Statement (6) (5) 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 203 
       
      
           
          
          
          
             
      
           
       
      
    
         
     
     
                 
   
    
                    
             
    
                 
       
                 
       
      
    
     
      
   
   
          
     
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Financial Statements of the Company continued 
(v) Amounts recognised directly in other comprehensive income 
The amounts charged/(credited) directly to equity are: 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Actual return less expected return on assets 897 33 
Gain arising from changes to financial assumptions (785) (10) 
Loss/(gain) arising from changes to experience assumptions 21 (24) 
(Gain)/loss arising from changes to demographic assumptions (2) 10 
Total remeasurement losses charged directly to equity 131 9 
E. Trade and other receivables 
Trade and other receivables are carried at amortised cost less impairment losses. 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Amounts owed by subsidiaries 119 100 
Other receivables 4 1 
Prepayments 36 29 
Total trade and other receivables 159 130 
Non-current 2 1 
Current 157 129 
There are currently no lifetime expected credit losses held in respect of these receivable balances. For further 
details see Note J. 
F. Lease liabilities 
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the 
commencement date, discounted using the Company’s incremental borrowing rate taking into account the 
duration of the lease. 
The amount of lease liabilities at the beginning and end of the year is £6m and is non-current. 
G. Provisions for liabilities and charges 
Provisions for liabilities and charges relate specifically to insurance and are amounts that require settlement in the 
future as a result of a past event. 
Total 
2022 £m 
At beginning of year 
Charge for year 
9 
16 
Utilised in year (11) 
At end of year 14 
Non-current 10 
Current 4 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 204 
       
                
          
     
         
               
             
                
            
                 
                
                
               
   
               
                   
           
     
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
   
          
         
            
        
             
        
          
         
            
        
             
        
          
     
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Financial Statements of the Company continued 
H. Deferred taxation assets and liabilities 
Deferred taxation is an amount which recognises the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities for financial reporting and the amounts used for taxation purposes. 
Recognised deferred taxation assets and liabilities 
Deferred taxation assets and liabilities are attributable to the following: 
Assets Liabilities Net 
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 
£m £m £m £m £m £m 
Accelerated capital allowances 23 17 – – 23 17 
Post-employment benefits – – (130) (174) (130) (174) 
Employee benefits (other than post-employment) 14 12 – – 14 12 
Provisions 5 2 – – 5 2 
Taxation value of losses carried forward 12 – – – 12 – 
Deferred taxation (before allowable netting) 54 31 (130) (174) (76) (143) 
Allowable netting of deferred taxation (54) (31) 54 31 – – 
Net deferred taxation liability – – (76) (143) (76) (143) 
Recognised deferred taxation assets 
Deferred taxation assets relating to the carry forward of employee benefits, other provisions, unused taxation 
losses and other deferred taxation assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable 
profits will be available against which the assets can be utilised. 
Movement in net deferred taxation (liabilities)/assets: 
Recognised in 
Recognised in other 
At beginning Income comprehensive 
of year Statement income At end of year 
£m £m £m £m 
2022 
Accelerated capital allowances 17 6 – 23 
Post-employment benefits (174) (3) 47 (130) 
Employee benefits (other than post-employment) 12 2 – 14 
Provisions 2 3 – 5 
Taxation value of losses carried forward – 12 – 12 
Total (143) 20 47 (76) 
2021 
Accelerated capital allowances 8 9 – 17 
Post-employment benefits (179) 2 3 (174) 
Employee benefits (other than post-employment) 5 7 – 12 
Provisions 1 1 – 2 
Taxation value of losses carried forward 3 (3) – – 
Total (162) 16 3 (143) 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 205 
      
        
       
      
        
     
         
     
     
    
                 
                    
          
                  
                  
          
                
                 
                 
               
       
                 
              
              
     
                 
              
                
                 
            
     
                  
                 
        
      
    
  
       
           
       
       
    
           
           
          
     
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Financial Statements of the Company continued 
I. Trade and other payables 
Trade and other payables are carried at amortised cost. 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Amounts owed to subsidiaries 50 24 
Other payables 1 2 
Social security and other taxes 1 – 
Accruals 156 144 
Total trade and other payables 208 170 
Non-current 48 30 
Current 160 140 
J. Risk management 
The Board is responsible for identifying, evaluating and managing risks faced by the Company and considers the 
acceptable level of risk, the likelihood of these risks materialising, how to reduce the risk and the cost of operating 
particular controls relative to the benefit from managing the related risks. 
The Group’s risk management strategy is outlined in detail within Note 26. The risks of the Company are 
considered within those faced by the wider Group. The Company is the sponsoring employer of The Bupa Pension 
Scheme; risk management for this scheme is outlined within Note 7. 
The Company monitors the credit quality of receivables, with provisions made for expected credit losses when 
appropriate. There are currently no expected credit losses held in respect of the Company’s receivables and the 
Company considers the maximum credit risk exposure to be £40m (2021: £30m), which comprises total trade and 
other receivables. This excludes amounts owed by subsidiaries; based on the Company’s assessment, these are 
deemed to carry an insignificant credit risk. 
The financial liabilities held by the Company comprise total trade and other payables and lease liabilities. The 
contractual maturities of these liabilities, including estimated interest payments, are £160m (2021: £140m) falling 
due within one year and £57m (2021: £40m) falling due after more than one year. 
K. Related party transactions 
These are transactions between the Company and individuals, or entities related by nature of influence or control. 
The Company has such relationships with its subsidiaries, key management personnel and associated pension 
arrangements. The disclosure of transactions with these parties enables readers to form a view about the impact 
of related party relationships on the Company. The Company has a related party relationship with its key 
management personnel and with its subsidiaries (refer to related undertakings on pages 208-219). 
(i) Transactions with key management personnel 
The key management personnel for the Company are the same as for the Group. These transactions are disclosed 
in Note 27. The total remuneration of key management personnel is included in staff costs (see Note 2.3). 
(ii) Transactions in relation to the non-registered pension arrangements 
These transactions are disclosed in Note 27. 
(iii)Transactions and balances with subsidiaries 
2022 2021 
£m £m 
Income Statement 
Management charges received 327 280 
Expenses paid (including rental expense £1m (2021: £5m)) (13) (15) 
Dividends received 89 52 
Transactions during the Balance as at 31 
year December 
2022 2021 2022 2021 
£m £m £m £m 
Statement of Financial Position 
Amounts owed by subsidiaries 19 (3) 119 100 
Amounts owed to subsidiaries (26) 1 (50) (24) 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 206 
      
              
        
  
                   
         
 
                 
               
                   
                   
              
    
       
  
                
           
          
     
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Financial Statements of the Company continued 
L. Commitments, guarantees and contingencies 
Commitments to future expenditure at the reporting date primarily consist of contracted capital expenditure. 
Contingent liabilities include bank loan and bond issue guarantees. 
(i) Capital commitments 
Capital expenditure for the Company contracted as at 31 December 2022 but for which no provision has been 
made in the Company financial statements amounted to £nil (2021:£nil). 
(ii) Guarantees 
The Company has given guarantees in respect of senior unsecured bonds issued by Bupa Finance plc; specifically 
£300m senior unsecured bonds maturing in 2024 and £300m senior unsecured bonds maturing in 2027. 
The Company is party to a £900m revolving credit facility. The revolving credit facility was drawn down by £70m 
as at 31 December 2022 (2021: £150m drawn down). Drawings under the facility are guaranteed by the Company, 
and the Company has joint and several liability for other overdraft facilities across the Group. 
(iii) Contingent assets and liabilities 
The Company has no contingent assets and liabilities. 
(iv) Pension contributions 
The Company has an obligation to make deficit reduction contributions to the smaller defined benefit scheme 
amounting to £1m per annum for the years ending 31 December 2022-2024. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 207 
                   
              
               
                     
   
               
                
                     
                    
                 
  
        
      
    
      
       
      
      
      
      
      
     
     
     
      
        
       
        
      
     
     
     
     
    
     
     
     
    
    
    
     
     
      
     
     
     
    
    
    
    
     
 
  
  
  
          
 
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Related undertakings 
In compliance with Section 409 of the Companies Act 2006, disclosed below is a list of the Company’s related 
undertakings as at 31 December 2022, comprising subsidiaries, joint ventures, associated undertakings and other 
significant holdings, together with the country of incorporation, registered office address, each share class held 
by the Company and the Group and the proportion of the nominal value of the shares of that class represented 
by those shares. 
Refer to Notes 1.2 and 6 for further information on basis of consolidation and accounting policies. 
Subsidiaries 
Unless otherwise stated, the subsidiaries listed below are wholly owned indirectly by the Company with 100% 
of the nominal value of each share class held by Group subsidiaries. Where a subsidiary is not wholly owned, the 
proportion of the nominal value of each share class held by the Company or the Group, together with the Group’s 
effective ownership, calculated by reference to the voting rights, is shown below. All subsidiaries are included in 
the Group consolidation. 
Proportion of Effective % 
Name Share class class held (%) ownership 
Australia 
Level 16, 33 Exhibition Street, Melbourne VIC 3000, Australia 
Australia Fair Dental Care Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Benefit Pocket Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa Aged Care Australasia Pty Limited AUD Ordinary 
Bupa Aged Care Australia Holdings Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa Aged Care Australia Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa Aged Care Holdings Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa Aged Care Property No.2 Trust Trust Interest 
Bupa Aged Care Property No.3 Trust Trust Interest 
Bupa Aged Care Property No.3A Trust Trust Interest 
Bupa Aged Care Property Trust Trust Interest 
Bupa ANZ Finance Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa ANZ Group Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa ANZ Healthcare Holdings Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa ANZ Insurance Pty Ltd AUD A Preference, AUD Ordinary 
Bupa ANZ Property 1 and 2 Limited AUD Ordinary 
Bupa ANZ Property 3 and 3A Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa Care Villages Australia Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa Dental Corporation Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa Foundation (Australia) Limited Guarantee Membership Interest 
Bupa Health Services Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa HI Holdings Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa HI Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa Innovations (ANZ) Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa Medical (GP) Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa Medical Services Pty Limited AUD Ordinary 
Bupa Optical Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa Telehealth Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa Wellness Pty Limited AUD Ordinary 
DC Holdings WA Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Dental Care Network Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Dental Corporation Australia Fair Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Dental Corporation Cox Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Dental Corporation Gerber Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Dental Corporation Holdings Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Dental Corporation Levas Pty.Ltd. AUD Ordinary 
Dental Corporation Petrie Pty.Ltd. AUD Ordinary 
Dental Corporation Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Dr Chris Hardwicke Pty.Ltd. AUD Ordinary 
Gerber Dental Group Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 208 
 
    
           
         
      
         
     
              
    
             
      
                 
     
                  
  
       
         
   
     
    
       
        
      
           
     
   
       
    
    
    
      
    
    
           
     
  
  
   
           
     
     
 
  
  
  
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Related undertakings continued 
Proportion of Effective % 
Name Share class class held (%) ownership 
Australia continued 
Larry Benge Pty Limited AUD Ordinary 
Scott Petrie (Dental) Pty Ltd AUD Class E, AUD Class F, AUD 
Ordinary 
Bahrain 
Office 207, Building 114, Road 385, Block 304, Manama, Bahrain 
Bupa Middle East Holdings Two W.L.L. BHD50.00 Ordinary 75.00 75.00 
Bermuda 
Crawford House, 4th Floor, 50 Cedar Avenue, Hamilton, HM11, Bermuda 
Amedex Insurance Company (Bermuda) Limited BMD1.00 Ordinary 
Bolivia 
Guapomo Street 2005, Spazio Building, 1st Floor, Offices 201-202-2013, Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia 
Bupa Insurance (Bolivia) S.A BOB100.00 Ordinary 
Brazil 
Alameda Mamoré, No. 678, 11th Floor, Room 1104, Alphaville, 06454-040, Barueri, São Paulo, Brazil 
Care Plus Negócios Em Saúde Ltda. BRL1.00 Quotas 
Alameda Mamoré, No. 687, 12th Floor, Rooms 1201, 1202, 1203 and 1204, Alphaville, 06454-040, Barueri, São Paulo, Brazil 
Care Plus Medicina Assistencial Ltda. BRL1.00 Quotas 
Av. das Nações Unidas, 12,901, Unidade 901, Torre Oeste, Bloco C, Centro Empresarial Nações Unidas, Brooklin Paulista, São 
Paulo, SP, Brazil 
Personal System Serviços Médicos e Odontológicos Ltda. BRL1.00 Quotas 
Chile 
Anabaena N° 336, Comuna Viña del Mar, Region Valparaiso, Chile 
Clinica Renaca S.A. CLP Ordinary 100.00 95.89 
Desarrollo E Inversiones Medicas S.A. CLP Ordinary 97.56 93.45 
Promotora De Salud S.A. CLP Ordinary 67.03 67.03 
Sociedad Medica Imageneologia Clinica Renaca Limitada CLP Social Rights 80.00 76.70 
Av. Matta No 1868, Comuna Antofagasta, Region Antofagasta, Chile 
Sociedad Medico Quirurgica De Antofagasta S.A. CLP Ordinary 100.00 72.98 
Cerro Colorado N° 5240, Piso 11, Comuna Las Condes, Region Metropolitana, Chile 
Bupa Administracion y Servicios SpA CLP Ordinary 
Bupa Chile S.A. CLP Ordinary 
Bupa Compania de Seguros de Vida S.A. CLP Ordinary 
Bupa Inversiones Latam S.A. CLP Ordinary 
Clinica Bupa Santiago S.A. CLP Ordinary 
Examenes De Laboratorio S.A. CLP Ordinary 100.00 99.99 
Grupo Bupa Sanitas Chile Uno, SpA CLP1,000.00 Ordinary 
Inversiones Clinicas CBS S.A. CLP Ordinary 
Isapre Cruz Blanca S.A. CLP Ordinary 99.79 99.41 
Cerro Colorado N° 5240, Piso 6, Comuna Las Condes, Region Metropolitana, Chile 
Bupa Servicios de Salud SpA CLP Ordinary 100.00 99.99 
Integramedica S.A. CLP Ordinary 99.99 99.99 
Recaumed S.A. CLP Ordinary 58.40 58.40 
Sonorad II S.A. CLP Ordinary 100.00 99.89 
Dr. Juan Noe N° 1370, Comuna Arica, Region Arica y Parinacota, Chile 
Corporacion Medica de Arica S.A. CLP Ordinary 68.97 68.97 
Sociedad De Inversiones Pacasbra S.A. CLP Ordinary 100.00 69.19 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 209 
 
         
     
         
    
    
      
             
       
                
     
          
      
                   
 
      
  
 
     
    
 
               
   
         
       
      
    
          
    
                  
         
      
            
    
     
 
  
  
  
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Related undertakings continued 
Proportion of Effective % 
Name Share class class held (%) ownership 
Chile continued 
Manuel Antonio Matta N° 1868, Comuna Antofagasta, Region Antofagasta, Chile 
Inmobiliaria Centro Medico Antofagasta S.A. CLP Ordinary 99.99 88.94 
Manuel Antonio Matta N° 1945, Comuna Antofagasta, Region Antofagasta, Chile 
Centro Medico Antofagasta S.A. CLP Ordinary 100.00 88.95 
Inversiones Clinicas Pukara S.A. CLP Ordinary 88.95 88.95 
Servicios Y Abastecimiento A Clinicas S.A. CLP Ordinary 100.00 88.92 
Pedro Aguirre Piso 5, Cerda N° 843, Comuna Arica, Region Arica y Parinacota, Chile 
Centro De Diagnostico Avanzado San Jose S.A. CLP Ordinary 100.00 68.98 
China 
Suite 07-2, 08, 4F Fortune Financial Center, No 5 Dongsanhuan Zhong Road, Chaoyang District Beijing, 100020, China 
Bupa Consulting (Beijing) Co. Ltd. HKD1.00 Ordinary 
Unit 03, 13/F, No.604 RenMin North Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou, China 
Guangzhou Bupa Hospital Management Company Limited CNY1.00 Ordinary 
Unit 305A -305, 3/F, GT Land Autumn Plaza, No.11, 13 ZhuJiang East Road, ZhuJiang New Town, Tianhe District, Guangdong 
Province, China 
Guangzhou Bupa Quality HealthCare General Outpatient CNY1.00 Ordinary 
Department Company Limited 
Denmark 
Palaegade 8, 1261 Copenhagen K, Denmark 
Bupa Denmark Services A/S DKK100.00 Ordinary 
Dominican Republic 
Av. Winston Churchill, corner with Rafael Augusto Sanchez, Plaza Acropolis, Apt. P2-D, Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic 
Bupa Dominicana, S.A. DOP1,000.00 Ordinary 
Ecuador 
Av. Republica de El Salvador N34-229, 4th Floor, Quito, Ecuador 
Bupa Ecuador S.A. Compania de Seguros1 USD1.00 Capital Stock 
Egypt 
Building 55, Street 18, Maadi, Cairo, Egypt 
Bupa Egypt Insurance S.A.E. EGP10.00 Ordinary 
Mivida Business Park, Building 3/B1, 5th Settlement, New Cairo, 11835, Egypt 
Bupa Egypt Services LLC EGP100.00 Ordinary 
Guatemala 
Quinta avenida número cinco guión cincuenta y cinco, Zona catorce de esta ciudad, Edificio Europlaza World Business Center, 
Torre III, undécimo nivel, área corporativa número un mil, Guatemala 
Bupa Guatemala, Compania de Seguros, S.A. GTQ1.00 Ordinary 
Guernsey 
PO Box 155, Mill Court, La Charroterie, St Peter Port, GY1 4ET, Guernsey 
Bupa Holdings (Guernsey) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
UK Care No. 1 Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 210 
 
                   
   
   
  
     
                   
     
     
    
     
    
  
  
   
      
     
    
     
        
     
     
     
     
     
     
        
      
     
   
    
        
     
             
    
      
            
     
     
          
     
                 
 
           
    
   
             
 
  
  
  
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Related undertakings continued 
Proportion of Effective % 
Name Share class class held (%) ownership 
Hong Kong 
6/F & Unit Nos. 701B, 702-704 of Tower 2, The Quayside, 77 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong 
Bupa (Asia) Limited HKD10.00 Ordinary 
Bupa International Limited2 HKD Ordinary 
Bupa Limited HKD1.00 Ordinary 
Horizon Health and Care Limited HKD Ordinary 
6/F, and Unit Nos. 701-702 and 704, Tower 1, The Quayside, 77 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong 
Allied Medical Practices Guild Limited HKD1.00 Ordinary 
Central Medical Diagnostic Centre Limited HKD1.00 Ordinary 74.49 74.49 
Central MRI Centre Limited HKD1.00 Ordinary 100.00 74.49 
Central PET/CT Scan Centre Limited HKD1.00 Ordinary 100.00 74.49 
DB Health Services Limited HKD1.00 Ordinary 
Eplushealth Limited HKD1.00 Ordinary 
Jadeast Limited3 HKD1.00 Ordinary 
Megafaith International Limited HKD1.00 Ordinary 
Quality Healthcare Chinese Medicine Services Limited HKD1.00 Ordinary 
Quality HealthCare Dental Services Limited HKD1.00 Ordinary 
Quality Healthcare Group Limited HKD1.00 Ordinary 
Quality HealthCare Medical Centre Limited HKD100.00 Ordinary 
Quality Healthcare Medical Diagnostic & Imaging Services HKD1.00 Ordinary 
Limited 
Quality HealthCare Medical Services Limited HKD1.00 Ordinary 
Quality HealthCare Nursing Agency Limited HKD10.00 Ordinary 
Quality HealthCare Physiotherapy Services Limited HKD1.00 Ordinary 
Quality HealthCare Professional Services Limited HKD1.00 Ordinary 
Quality HealthCare Psychological Services Limited HKD1.00 Ordinary 
Quality Healthcare TPA Services Limited HKD1.00 Ordinary 
Ireland 
1st Floor, 9 Exchange Place, I.F.C.S, Dublin 1, Ireland 
GK Medical and Dental Services Limited €1.00 Ordinary 
Oasis Healthcare Holdings Ireland Limited €1.00 Ordinary 
Woodquay Dental Limited €1.00 Ordinary 
Xeon Dental Services Limited €0.01 Ordinary 
Second Floor, 10 Pembroke Place, Ballsbridge, Dublin, 4, Ireland 
Bupa Global Designated Activity Company €1.00 Ordinary 
Macao 
Rua De Xangai No. 175 Edif., Associacao Comercial De Macau, 11 Andar, K, Macau 
Quality EAP (Macau) Limited MOP1.00 Ordinary 
Quality Healthcare Medical Services (Macau) Limited MOP1.00 Ordinary 
Mexico 
Av. Xola 535, Piso 17, Col. Del Valle, Mexico City, CP 03100, Mexico 
Corporativo Vitamedica, S.A. De C.V. MXN10.00 Ordinary 
Servicios Vitamedica, S.A. De C.V. MXN10.00 Ordinary 
Vitamedica Administradora, S.A. De C.V. MXN Class I, Series A (Fixed), 
MXN Class I, Series B (Fixed) 
Avenida Ejercito Nacional Numero 843-B, Edificio Corporativo Antara I, Piso 9, Colonia Granada, Alcaldia Miguel Hidalgo, C.P. 
11520, Mexico 
Bupa Mexico, Compania de Seguros, S.A. de C.V. MXN1,000.00 Capital Stock Series 
E (fixed), MXN1,000.00 Capital 
Stock Series M (variable) 
Bupa Servicios de Evaluacion Medica, S. de R.L. de C.V. MXN Ordinary, MXN Ordinary 
(Variable) 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 211 
 
                 
              
   
 
            
     
    
              
   
    
          
  
 
   
  
     
     
     
    
    
   
     
    
         
     
     
     
   
    
     
    
     
     
      
  
 
     
    
     
   
   
   
   
   
 
    
     
     
    
 
  
  
  
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Related undertakings continued 
Proportion of Effective % 
Name Share class class held (%) ownership 
Mexico continued 
Prolongacion Paseo de la Reforma No. 9, Paseo de las Lomas, Alvaro Obregon, C.P. 01330, Mexico City, Mexico 
Promotora de Hospitales y Servicios Integrales, S.A.P.I. de C.V. MXN Fixed Capital Class I, MXN 
Variable Capital Class II 
New Zealand 
Bupa House, Level 2, 109 Carlton Gore Road, Newmarket, Auckland, 1023, New Zealand 
Bupa Care Services NZ Limited NZD Ordinary 
Bupa Retirement Villages Limited NZD Ordinary 
Panama 
Prime Time Tower, Floor 25, Office 25 b La Rotonda Ave, Costa del Este, Panama 
Bupa Panama S.A. US$1,000.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Servicios Panama, S.A. US$1.00 Common 
Peru 
Av. Guardia Civil N° 664, Comuna San Isidro, Region Lima, Peru 
Anglolab S.A PEN Ordinary-A 
PEN Ordinary-B 
100.00 
50.00 
85.00 
Integramedica Peru S.A.C. PEN Ordinary 
MediPeru S.A.C PEN Ordinary 99.97 99.97 
Poland 
Brzeska 12 Street, 03-737, Warsaw, Poland 
Centrum Edukacji Medycznej Sp. z.o.o. PLN100.00 Ordinary 
Curie-Sklodowskiej 73 Street, 87-100, Torun, Poland 
Lecznice Citomed Sp. z.o.o. PLN50.00 Ordinary 
Czapliniecka 93/95, 97-400, Belchatow, Poland 
Megamed Sp. z.o.o. PLN1,000.00 Ordinary 
Goszczyńskiego 1 Street, 02-616, Warsaw, Poland 
Hifu Clinic Sp. z.o.o. PLN50.00 Ordinary 70.16 70.16 
Szpital sw. Elzbiety - Mokotowskie Centrum Medyczne Sp. z.o.o. PLN50.00 Ordinary 
Kuznicka 1 Street, 72-010, Police, Poland 
Medika Uslugi Medyczne Sp. z.o.o. PLN50.00 Ordinary 
Obornicka 262 Street, 60-693, Poznan, Poland 
Med-Polonia Sp. z.o.o. PLN50.00 Ordinary 
Partyzantow 76, 80-254, Gdansk, Poland 
Projekt Usmiech Bis Sp. z.o.o. PLN500.00 Ordinary 
Podleśna 61, 01-673, Warsaw, Poland 
Centrum Medyczne Mavit Sp. z.o.o. PLN100.00 Ordinary 
Porebskiego 9 Street, 81-185, Gdynia, Poland 
Niepubliczny Zaklad Opieki Zdrowotnej Przychodnia Lekarska PLN200.00 Ordinary 95.80 95.80 
"POGORZE" Sp. z.o.o. 
Pory 78 Street, 02-757 Warsaw, Poland 
Pory 78 Sp. z.o.o. PLN100.00 Ordinary 
Sport Medica S.A. PLN1.00 Ordinary-A, PLN1.00 
Ordinary-B, PLN1.00 Ordinary-C, 
PLN1.00 Ordinary-D, PLN1.00 
Ordinary-E, PLN1.00 Ordinary-F, 
PLN1.00 Ordinary-G, PLN1.00 
Ordinary-I, PLN1.00 Ordinary-J, 
PLN1.00 Ordinary-K 
Pulawska 48, 05-500 Piaseczno, Poland 
Silver Dental Clinic Sp. z.o.o. PLN50.00 Ordinary 
Rowninna 6 Street, 87-100, Torun, Poland 
Citomed Nieruchomosci Sp. z.o.o. PLN100.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 212 
 
     
     
       
   
      
     
     
      
     
   
       
   
      
    
      
     
  
     
     
      
   
       
  
    
    
    
     
    
     
     
   
          
      
        
     
       
    
      
     
      
     
       
  
  
        
    
 
    
   
 
  
  
  
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Related undertakings continued 
Proportion of Effective % 
Name Share class class held (%) ownership 
Poland continued 
Szamocka 6 Street, 01-748, Warsaw, Poland 
LUX MED Onkologia Sp. z.o.o. PLN50.00 Ordinary 
ul. Aleje Jerozolimskie 99/44 Street, 02-001, Warsaw, Poland 
ApteGo Sp. z.o.o. PLN50.00 Ordinary 51.00 51.00 
ul. Dluga 43, 05-510 Konstancin Jeziorna, Poland 
LUX MED Tabita Sp. z.o.o. PLN100.00 Ordinary 88.00 88.00 
ul. Elblaska 135, 80-718, Gdansk, Poland 
Centrum Opieki Medycznej Comed Sp. z.o.o. PLN500.00 Ordinary 
ul. Kamienna 21, 31-403, Krakow, Poland 
Medtour Sp. z.o.o. PLN50.00 Ordinary 
ul. Postepu 21 C Street, 02-676, Warsaw, Poland 
Elblaska Sp. z.o.o. PLN50.00 Ordinary 
LUX MED Foundation Dr. Joanny Perkowicz 
LUX MED Sp. z.o.o. 
Founder Contribution 
PLN500.00 Ordinary 
LUX-MED Investment S.A. PLN50.00 Series A, PLN50.00 
Series B, PLN50.00 Series C, 
PLN50.00 Series D 
ul. Rakoczego 19/U5, 80-286, Gdansk, Poland 
Mediss Dental Clinic Sp. z.o.o. PLN250.00 Ordinary 
ul. Stefana Batorego 17/19, 87-100 Torun, Poland 
Tomograf Sp. z.o.o. PLN500.00 Ordinary 
Wileńska , 44 Street , 80-215 , Gdańsk 
Fundacja Promedicine Founder Contribution 
Swissmed Centrum Zdrowia S.A. PLN10.00 Ordinary 91.98 91.98 
Swissmed Nieruchomosci Sp. z.o.o. PLN500.00 Ordinary 100.00 91.98 
Swissmed Opieka Sp. z.o.o. PLN1,000.00 Ordinary 99.24 91.28 
Wladyslawa Broniewskiego 3, 01-785, Warsaw, Poland 
Klinika Optimum Sp. z.o.o. PLN50.00 Ordinary 
Zygmunta Slominskiego, 5/U05 Street, Warsaw, Poland 
Smile Design Clinic Sp. z.o.o. PLN100.00 Ordinary 
Saint Kitts and Nevis 
Amory Building, Victoria Road, Basseterre, St. Kitts, Saint Kitts and Nevis 
Amedex Services Ltd. (St Kitts) US$1.00 Capital Stock 
Singapore 
600, North Bridge Road, #05-01 Parkview Square, 188778, Singapore 
Bupa Singapore Holdings Pte Ltd SGD Ordinary 
Spain 
Avda Marcelo Celayeta, 144 - Pamplona (31014), Spain 
Sanitas Mayores Navarra S.L. €60.10 Ordinary 
Avenida Generalitat Valenciana no 50, Valencia, Spain 
Especializada y Primaria L'Horta-Manises, S.A.U. €1.00 Ordinary 
c/ Eguskiaguirre no.8, 48902, Baracaldo, Bilbao, Spain 
Sanitas Mayores Pais Vasco S.A. €120.00 Ordinary 
Calle Ribera Del Loira, 52, 28042, Madrid, Spain 
Elegimosalud S.L.U €1.00 Ordinary 
Fundacion Sanitas4 €1.00 Contribution 100.00 99.92 
Fundacion Sanitas Hospitales Para el Desarrollo de la Founder Contribution 
Investigacion y la Innovacion Medica 
Grupo Bupa Sanitas S.L.U. €100.00 Ordinary 
Sanitas Emision S.L.U. €1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 213 
 
   
   
    
    
     
     
     
   
         
    
     
      
  
             
      
 
       
   
  
    
    
     
        
     
     
     
     
      
  
     
     
      
      
      
      
      
     
     
     
      
      
      
     
    
       
 
 
  
  
  
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Related undertakings continued 
Proportion of Effective % 
Name Share class class held (%) ownership 
Spain continued 
Sanitas Holding, S.L.U. €1.00 Ordinary 
Sanitas Mayores S.L. €651.28 Ordinary 
Sanitas Nuevos Negocios S.L.U. €1.00 Ordinary 
Sanitas S.A. de Seguros €0.68 Ordinary 99.92 99.92 
Sanitas S.L. de Diversificacion S.U. €6.02 Ordinary 
Sanitas, S.A. de Hospitales S.U. €6.01 Ordinary 
Sweden 
Box 27093, 102 51, Stockholm, Sweden 
LMG Forsakrings AB €1,000.00 Ordinary 
Türkiye 
Küçükbakkalköy Mah. Basar Sok, No: 20 Atasehir, Istanbul, 34750, Türkiye 
Bupa Acibadem Sigorta A.S. TRY1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Turkey Sağlık Hizmetleri A.S. TRY1,000.00 Ordinary 
Sencard Direkt Satis Sigorta Araciligi A.S. TRY1.00 Ordinary 
United Arab Emirates 
Unit C1204, Level 12, Burj Daman, DIFC, PO Box 507019, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 
Bupa Global Middle East (DIFC) Limited US$1.00 Ordinary 
United Kingdom 
1 Angel Court, London, EC2R 7HJ, United Kingdom 
ANS 2003 Limited £0.01 Ordinary 
ANS Limited £0.10 Ordinary 
Bede Village Management Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bridge Health Investments Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (AKW) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (ANS) Limited £1.00 Ordinary, £1.00 Special 
Share 
Bupa Care Homes (Bedfordshire) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (BNH) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (CFCHomes) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (CFG) plc £0.25 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (CFHCare) Limited €0.000001 Redeemable 
Preference, £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (Developments) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (GL) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (HH Bradford) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (HH Hull) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (HH Leeds) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (HH Northumberland) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (HH Scunthorpe) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (HH) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (Holdings) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (Partnerships) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (PT Lindsay) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes (PT Links) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Homes Investments (Holdings) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Services (Commissioning) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Care Services Limited £0.20 Ordinary 
Bupa Global Holdings Limited €1.00 Ordinary, €0.01 Ordinary, 
£1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 214 
  
   
   
    
       
   
    
    
   
      
   
 
  
    
     
   
   
      
       
     
     
   
   
    
   
    
   
    
     
    
        
     
   
              
    
    
    
    
    
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
  
  
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Related undertakings continued 
Proportion of Effective % 
Name Share class class held (%) ownership 
United Kingdom continued 
Bupa Finance plc5 £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Foundation Guarantee Membership Interest 
Bupa Healthcare Services Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Home Healthcare Pension Scheme Trustee Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Insurance Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Insurance Services Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa International Markets Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Investments Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Investments Overseas Limited AUD Redeemable Preference, 
CLP1.00 Redeemable Preference, 
£1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Occupational Health Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Pension Scheme Trustees Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Secretaries Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Trustees Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Cromwell Hospital Retirement Plan Trustee Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Occupational Health Care Limited £1.00 Ordinary, £1.00 Redeemable 
Preference 
Richmond Care Villages (Property) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Richmond Care Villages Holdings Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Richmond Coventry Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Richmond Letcombe Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Richmond Nantwich Developments Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Richmond Nantwich Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Richmond Nantwich Properties Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Richmond Northampton Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Richmond Northampton Management Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Richmond Painswick Management Company Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Richmond Villages Operations Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
13 Queens Road, Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire, AB15 4YL, United Kingdom 
Hillington Park Dental Practice Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
MFM Community Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Dental Care, Vantage Office Park, Old Gloucester Road, Hambrook, Bristol, BS16 1GW, United Kingdom 
A4 Health Group Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Aesthetic Dental Laboratory Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Apex Dental Care Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Archway Dental Practice Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Arnica Dental Care Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Avsan Cove Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Avsan Dental Edinburgh Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Avsan Ferryburn Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Avsan Fife Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Avsan Fleet Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Avsan Gloucester Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Avsan Halstead Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Avsan Knebworth Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Avsan Kseat Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Avsan Queenscross Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Avsan Queensroad Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Avsan Visage Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
B Dental Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
BASDAC (2011) LLP Partnership Interest 
BE White Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 215 
  
    
   
    
     
     
    
     
   
    
   
      
    
   
   
   
   
     
   
    
     
    
  
    
   
   
     
    
     
     
    
    
     
    
       
     
   
      
      
     
     
   
   
     
   
   
     
    
    
   
    
    
    
   
 
  
  
  
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Related undertakings continued 
Proportion of Effective % 
Name Share class class held (%) ownership 
United Kingdom continued 
Bupa Dental Services Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Caring Dentistry Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
Cheshire Cat Orthodontics Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Clock Tower Dental Care Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Colchester Dental Referral Centre Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Croft Dental Care Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Den Dental Group Practice LLP Partnership Interest 
Dencraft (Leicester) Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
Dencraft (South Yorkshire) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Dental Confidence Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Dental Excellence - Harewood Practice LLP Partnership Interest 
Dentalign Colwyn Bay Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
Dentalign Eastbourne Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
Dentalign Orthodontics Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Dentalign Orthodontics LLP Partnership Interest 
Dentalign Wrexham Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
Derwent House Orthodontics Limited £1.00 A Ordinary 
Devon Smiles Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Deysbrook Dental Surgery Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Diamond House Dental Practice Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Eckington Dental Practice Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Eurodontic Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Fairfield Dental Surgery Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Freshdental Practice Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Future Drilling Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
G & M Moynes Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
Goodteeth Dental Surgeries Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Grosvenor Orthodontic Clinic (Beckenham) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Harbour Way Surgery Limited £1.00 A Ordinary 
Haven Green Clinic Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Highland Dental Care Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Highwoods and St Johns Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Highworth Dental Care Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Hope Dental Practice Limited £1.00 Ordinary, £1.00 Ordinary B 
Hospital Lane Dental Clinic Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Iosis Clinic Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
J & M Dental Care Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
J A Jordan & Associates Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
J.J. Thompson (Orthodontic Appliances) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
James Taylor and Partners Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
JDH Holdings Limited £0.10 Ordinary 
Kidson Orthodontics Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
King Lane Dental Care Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
KN Wellness Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
Lab 53 Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Lawrence Street Dental Practice Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Linden Dental Centre Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Luke Barnett Clinic Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Luke Barnett Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Mainestream Dental Care Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Mark Fazakerley (VHO) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
MCM (Dental Services) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
MDANZ Holdings Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 216 
  
  
  
    
  
  
   
   
     
   
     
      
     
    
   
   
   
  
    
    
     
    
   
    
   
   
    
      
  
   
      
   
   
    
   
    
   
      
   
    
       
     
     
     
     
       
     
    
     
    
   
   
   
   
 
  
  
  
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Related undertakings continued 
Proportion of Effective % 
Name Share class class held (%) ownership 
United Kingdom continued 
MDANZ Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Metrodental Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Milehouse Dental Care Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Mojo-D Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
MZINC Limited £0.01 Ordinary 
Nigel Reynolds Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
NM Jones Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
North Devon Orthodontic Centre Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
North Lakeland Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
Oasis Dental Care (Central) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Oasis Dental Care (Southern) Holdings Limited £0.10 Ordinary-A 
Oasis Dental Care (Southern) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Oasis Dental Care Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Oasis Healthcare Limited £0.01 Ordinary 
Oral Implantology Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Ortho 2008 Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Orthoscene Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Oswestry Dental Laboratory Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Peter Baldwin (VHO) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Priors Croft Dental Practice Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Private Dental Services Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
Quantum Ortho Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Quest Dental Care LLP Partnership Interest 
Raglan Suite Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Ratcliffe Dental Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Richley Dental Ceramics Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Rise Park Dental Practice Limited £0.10 Ordinary A, 
£0.10 Ordinary B 
Roberts-Harry Clinic Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
Shaw & Associates Dental Surgeons Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
Silverwell Surgery Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
Siobhan Owen Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Smile Dental Care Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
Smile Lincs Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Steeple Grange Smiles Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Stob Dearg Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Stop the Clock Dental Care Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Synergy Ceramics Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
TDK Dental Limited £0.50 Ordinary A 
The Adams and Lee Dental Practice Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
The Bramhope Dental Clinic Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
The Clinic Dental Facial Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
The Dental Solutions Centre Ltd £0.02 Ordinary 
The Exeter Dental Centre Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
The Facial Aesthetics & Dental Centre Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
The Oasis Healthcare Group Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
The Spire Halifax Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
The Tutbury Dental Practice Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Tidge and Lou Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Tooth Fixer Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Total Orthodontics Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Wessington Way Limited £0.10 Ordinary 
Whole Tooth Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 217 
 
  
     
  
    
    
    
    
      
     
    
               
    
      
     
    
       
     
          
      
   
 
           
    
     
     
    
     
 
  
  
  
   
     
 
  
    
  
             
                  
                
             
        
    
         
        
             
        
 
                   
     
 
  
  
  
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Related undertakings continued 
Proportion of Effective % 
Name Share class class held (%) ownership 
United Kingdom continued 
Wimborne Total Dental Care Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Windslade Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Winning Smiles (Gillingham) Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Wylde Green Orthodontics LLP Partnership Interest 
Wylye Valley Dentistry Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Xeon Smiles UK Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Cromwell Hospital, Cromwell Road, London, SW5 0TU 
Cromwell Health Group Limited £1.00 A Ordinary 
Medical Services International Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Mind Your Business (Ni) Ltd, 1 Elmfield Avenue, Warrenpoint, Newry, County Down, BT34 3HQ, Northern Ireland 
Belfast Orthodontic Clinic Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
Blueapple Dental and Implant Team Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Cranmore Excellence in Dentistry Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
DE (Belmont Road) Ltd £1.00 Ordinary 
Fortwilliam and Ballymena Specialist Dental Clinics Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Smiles Dental Practices North Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Pinsent Masons Llp, 13 Queens Road, Aberdeen, AB15 4YL, United Kingdom 
Martin and Martin Dental Care Limited £1.00 Ordinary 
Partick Dental Ltd. £0.01 Ordinary 
United States 
17901 Old Cutler Road, Suite 400, Palmetto Bay FL 33157, United States 
Bupa Insurance Company US$1.25 Capital Stock 
Bupa Investment Corporation, Inc. US$1.00 Capital Stock 
Bupa U.S. Holdings, Inc. US$0.01 Common Stock 
Bupa Worldwide Corporation US$5.00 Capital Stock 
U.S.A. Medical Services Corporation US$5.00 Capital Stock 
1. 0.000015% held by nominee 
2. 0.000001% held directly by the Company 
3. In de-registration 
4. The Sanitas Foundation 
5. Held directly by the Company 
Other related undertakings 
The related undertakings listed below comprise joint ventures, associated undertakings and other significant 
holdings. Unless otherwise stated, the proportion of the nominal value of each share class held indirectly by the 
Company is shown below, together with the Group’s effective ownership, calculated by reference to the voting 
rights. All joint ventures are included in the Group consolidation using the equity method. 
Proportion of Effective % 
Name Share class class held (%) ownership 
Australia 
Level 16, 33 Exhibition Street, Melbourne VIC 3000, Australia 
Mobile Dental Pty Ltd AUD Ordinary 49.00 49.00 
Chile 
Manuel Antonio Matta N° 1945, Comuna Antofagasta, Region Antofagasta, Chile 
Sociedad Instituto De Cardiologia Del Norte Limitada CLP Social Rights 50.00 44.47 
Pedro Aguirre Piso 5, Cerda N° 843, Comuna Arica, Region Arica y Parinacota, Chile 
Centro De Imagenes Medicas Avanzadas San Jose S.A. CLP Ordinary 70.00 48.28 
Hong Kong 
6/F, and Unit Nos. 701-702 and 704, Tower 1, The Quayside, 77 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong 
Alpha Medical MRI (TST) Limited HKD10,000.00 Ordinary 65.00 65.00 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 218 
 
        
      
     
    
        
       
 
             
     
      
      
              
      
 
       
      
         
     
              
   
  
         
       
 
 
         
   
         
    
   
    
 
  
  
  
   
          
  
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Related undertakings continued 
Proportion of Effective % 
Name Share class class held (%) ownership 
India 
C-98 Lajpat Nagar, Part 1, New Delhi, 11002, India 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited1 INR10.00 Ordinary 44.39 44.39 
Poland 
Marszalkowska 55/73/42 Street, 00-676, Warsaw, Poland 
MC2 Innovations Sp. z.o.o. PLN100.00 Ordinary 31.87 31.87 
Marszalkowska 99 A lok. 5B Street, 00-693, Warsaw, Poland 
Centrum Edukacyjne Medycyny Sportowej Sp. z.o.o. PLN50.00 Ordinary shares 50.00 50.00 
Saudi Arabia 
7764 Prince Sultan St, Al Mohammediyah Dist., PO Box 260, Jeddah, 21411, Saudi Arabia 
My Clinic Global Medical Company SAR100.00 Ordinary 100.00 50.00 
My Clinic International Medical Company Limited SAR100.00 Ordinary 100.00 50.00 
Nazer Bupa Medical Equipment Company Limited SAR1,000.00 Ordinary 50.00 50.00 
Al-Khalidiyah-Nour Al Ehsan 3538, Unit 1 Jeddah 7505-23423, P.O. Box 23807, Jeddah, 21436, Saudi Arabia 
Bupa Arabia For Cooperative Insurance Company SAR10.00 Ordinary 43.25 43.25 
United Kingdom 
1 Angel Court, London, EC2R 7HJ, United Kingdom 
Fulford Grange Medical Centre Limited £1.00 'A' Ordinary 100.00 50.00 
4th Floor, 167 Fleet Street, London, EC4A 2EA, United Kingdom 
Healthbox Europe 1 LP £1.00 Partnership Capital 37.04 37.04 
Swan Court, Waterman's Business Park , Kingsbury Crescent, Staines, Surrey, England, TW18 3BA, United 
Kingdom 
Healthcode Limited £1.00 A Ordinary 100.00 20.00 
£1.00 E Ordinary 20.00 
Wilson House Waterberry Drive, Waterlooville, Hampshire, PO7 7XX, United Kingdom 
London Oncology and Wellbeing Centre Limited £1.00 B Shares 100.00 38.90 
£1.00 Ordinary 17.91 
United States 
745 Fort St, Ste 1100, Honolulu HI 96813, United States 
HTH Re, Ltd US$1.00 Ordinary 100.00 49.00 
933 First Avenue, King of Prussia PA 19406, United States 
Highway to Health, Inc US$0.01 Ordinary 49.00 49.00 
HTH Worldwide, LLC US$1.00 Ordinary 100.00 49.00 
Worldwide Insurance Services, LLC US$1.00 Ordinary 100.00 49.00 
1. Part held by nominees 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 219 
          
 
    
   
             
             
              
            
         
          
            
  
             
            
        
          
             
             
               
             
             
           
              
 
          
           
              
            
              
             
             
             
             
           
           
          
          
   
   
Strategic Report | Governance | Financial Statements 
Five-year financial summary (unaudited) 
The five-year financial summary is presented to better understand trends. 
2020 2019 2018 
2022 2021 (restated)¹ (restated)¹ (restated)¹ 
£m £m £m £m £m 
Revenue - segmental analysis 
Bupa Asia Pacific 5,638 5,498 5,249 5,136 5,069 
Europe and Latin America 4,560 4,004 3,765 3,853 3,499 
Bupa Global and United Kingdom 3,752 3,396 3,122 3,323 3,288 
Other businesses 7 5 6 4 4 
Net reclassifications to other expenses or financial income and 
expenses – – – – (1) 
Consolidated total revenues 13,957 12,903 12,142 12,316 11,859 
Claims and expenses 
Operating expenses (including claims) (13,365) (12,410) (11,623) (11,846) (11,224) 
Impairment of goodwill (609) (6) – (422) (35) 
Impairment of other intangible assets arising on business 
combinations (285) (21) (19) (21) (4) 
Other income and charges (39) 49 1 (42) (53) 
Total claims and expenses (14,298) (12,388) (11,641) (12,331) (11,316) 
(Loss)/profit before financial income and expense (341) 515 501 (15) 543 
Net financial expense (86) (92) (105) (63) (41) 
(Loss)/profit before taxation expense (427) 423 396 (78) 502 
Taxation expense (91) (62) (175) (133) (190) 
(Loss)/profit for the year (518) 361 221 (211) 312 
Attributable to: 
Bupa (521) 358 219 (213) 306 
Non-controlling interests 3 3 2 2 6 
(Loss)/profit for the year (518) 361 221 (211) 312 
Equity 
Property revaluation reserve 634 655 699 692 700 
Income and expenditure reserve 5,812 6,502 6,147 6,059 6,306 
Cash flow hedge reserve – – 21 21 20 
Foreign exchange translation reserve 453 (13) 263 237 464 
Equity attributable to Bupa 6,899 7,144 7,130 7,009 7,490 
Restricted Tier 1 notes 297 297 – – – 
Non-controlling interests 20 17 18 17 20 
Total equity 7,216 7,458 7,148 7,026 7,510 
1. Amounts for 2018-2020 are shown on the current segmental basis. 
Bupa Annual Report 2022 220 
 
 
 
  
 
Registered office 
1 Angel Court London 
EC2R 7HJ 
Registered in England 
No. 432511 
For further copies of this document 
companysecretary@bupa.com 
Corporate affairs 
external.relations@bupa.com 
The British United Provident Association 
Limited is a company limited by guarantee. 
‘Bupa’ and our logo are registered trade marks of 
The British United Provident Association Limited. 
