Version 4, 
Issued 10th July 2024
Carbon Reduction Plan
Vodafone UK 
2024 | Carbon Reduction Plan Vodafone UK   
2
Introduction   |  The Detail   |  Completed Projects   |   Future Projects   |   Sign-off 
Introduction
Reducing our environmental 
impact
The ICT sector contributes 1.8%-2.8% of 
global greenhouse gas emissions 1  and at 
Vodafone UK we have been actively reducing 
our emissions for numerous years. Given 
the growing demand for data and digital 
connectivity, we recognise the need for us to 
take further steps and expedite our activity.
This report details the progress we have made 
and the plans we have in place.
We are dedicated to innovating our network 
technology and operations to support our 
journey towards net zero, helping to drive the 
transition to a low-carbon future for our planet 
and its people.
Vodafone UK’s emissions 
reduction targets
Vodafone has set ambitious goals to reduce 
our greenhouse gas emissions. Our long-
term, SBTi-validated science-based target 
is to achieve net zero emissions across our 
entire value chain globally by 2040. This 
involves an absolute reduction of our Scope 
1, 2, and 3 emissions by at least 90% by 2040. 
Additionally, we aim to halve our value chain 
(Scope 3) emissions by 2030.
Vodafone UK is striving to reach net zero for 
our operational emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by 
2027, expediting our global targets.
 
Vodafone UK has already reduced its 
operational carbon emissions by 93% since the 
baseline year. We are now focussed on further 
reducing our energy use, enhancing the 
efficiency of our network and investing in new 
technology and renewable generation.
Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions
Greenhouse gases (or ‘GHGs’), such as carbon 
dioxide (CO 2 ) and methane (CH 4 ), cause 
climate change by trapping heat within the 
earth’s atmosphere. The more GHG emissions 
that are released, the faster the planet warms 
up. There are three classifications used to 
measure GHG emissions:
 
• Scope 1 emissions are directly released 
into the atmosphere when a company 
burns fossil fuels (such as petrol, diesel 
or natural gas) in equipment it operates 
or industrial processes, or releases gases 
containing GHGs (such as fluorinated 
gases or ‘F-gases’), which can leak from 
chemicals used in cooling equipment or fire 
suppressant systems. 
• Scope 2 emissions are those released into 
the atmosphere to generate the energy 
purchased and used by a company in its 
operations (e.g. the emissions released 
by a power plant to generate electricity). 
Scope 2 emissions can be calculated based 
on the location where the energy is used 
(called ‘location-based’) or on contractual 
Commitments and data overview
2024 | Carbon Reduction Plan Vodafone UK   
3
Introduction   |  The Detail   |  Completed Projects   |   Future Projects   |   Sign-off 
agreements (such as renewable energy certificates) that specify the source used to generate 
the energy (called ‘market-based’).  
• Collectively, Scope 1 & 2 emissions are known as operational emissions. 
• Scope 3 emissions are released into the atmosphere as an indirect result of the company’s 
activities or business model. They originate from the production of goods and services that 
the company buys (upstream emissions), the use of its products or services by its customers 
(downstream emissions) or the activities that it finances through its investments. 
 
• Collectively, Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions are known as full value chain emissions.
Our baseline emissions 
Baseline emissions are the reference point against which emission reductions can be measured. 
Vodafone’s baseline year for reporting carbon data is FY20 and total operational emissions in this 
year were 93,514 tonnes of CO 2e.
Emissions Total
(tonnes CO2e)
Scope 1 9,806
Scope 2 83,708
Scope 3 N/A 2
Total Emissions  93,514
(Scope 1 and 2 only)

2024 | Carbon Reduction Plan Vodafone UK   
4
Introduction   |  The Detail   |  Completed Projects   |   Future Projects   |   Sign-off 
The detail
Current emissions
Our current emissions relate to the most 
recent carbon data against which our 
progress can be measured. Vodafone UK’s 
total operational emissions in the financial 
year ending 31st March 2024 were 6,828.42 
tonnes CO 2e.
Emissions Total
(tonnes CO2e)
Scope 1 6828.42
Scope 2 0
Scope 3
(Included Sources)
28,768
This figure is the sum of the 
following Scope 3 emission 
sources, as selected for 
reporting by UK Government: 
• Transportation and distribution 
of products from Tier 1 
suppliers to Vodafone
• Waste generated in our 
operations.
• Business travel
• Employee commuting
• Transportation and distribution 
of products sold by Vodafone 
to our customers  
Scope 3  488,739
Total Emissions  6,828  
(Scope Scope 1 & 2 emissions 
only)
35,596
(Scope 1, 2 & 3 emissions from 
the included sources)
495,568  
(Scope1, 2 & 3 emissions from 
all sources)
Carbon emission reduction
Vodafone UK has made considerable progress 
against our net zero goals in the last four years. 
In the financial year ending 31st March 2024, 
we reduced our operational emissions (Scope 
1 & 2) by 93% compared to our baseline year. 
This equates to a reduction of 86,685.58 
tonnes CO 2e. 
The main ways we’ve achieved this are 
prioritising energy efficiency and reduction 
initiatives, investing in onsite renewables, the 
transition to electric vehicles and the reduction 
of fluorinated gases in our data centres.  We 
are powered by 100% renewable electricity 
via Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) and 
renewable energy guarantees of origin (REGOs). 
Our total Scope 3 emissions for the UK have 
increased by 3% from FY23 to FY24 due to 
improvements in the completeness and 
accuracy of data.   
Vodafone UK has reduced operational 
carbon emissions by 93% compared to the 
baseline year.
Our reductions and projections

Introduction   |  The Detail   |  Completed Projects   |   Future Projects   |   Sign-off 
Introduction
Introduction   |  The Detail   |  Completed Projects   |   Future Projects   |   Sign-off 
We project that Vodafone UK’s operational 
carbon emissions will decrease by 95% to 
less than 4,623 tonnes of CO2e by 2027. As a 
last resort, we will offset any emissions that 
Carbon emission projections
5 2024 | Carbon Reduction Plan Vodafone UK   
we cannot abate through purchasing credible 
certified carbon offsets. We will limit the use 
of carbon offsetting to 10% until 2030 and 5% 
after 2030 in line with SBTi recommendations. 
100000
90000
80000
70000
60000
50000
40000
30000
20000
10000
0
19/2020/2121/2222/2323/2424/2525/2626/27
Projection Actual reduction (tonnes CO 2e)

6 2024 | Carbon Reduction Plan Vodafone UK   
Introduction   |  The Detail   |  Completed Projects   |   Future Projects   |   Sign-off 
Completed carbon reduction initiatives
environmental performance at our sites. This 
year we included our radio base station estate 
in the certification.
The transition from our 3G network to our 4G 
and 5G networks enables additional energy 
savings, with data transmitted via 5G using 7% 
of the energy to send the same amount of data.
Switching to renewable electricity 
Vodafone UK has been powered by 100% 
renewable electricity since July 2021 and we are 
now focused on supporting the development of 
new UK-based renewables. 
This year, we have installed 650-kilowatt peak 
(kWp) of rooftop solar panels across three 
mobile telephone exchanges which should 
generate 550,000 kWh of renewable electricity 
a year, supplying around 12% of the site’s 
annual energy requirement.
Vodafone UK has also secured long-term 
power purchase agreements (PPAs), totalling 
216 GWh, which provide high quality, long-
term supply of renewable energy from UK-
based sources.
What Vodafone UK has delivered: 
Scope 1 & 2
Driving energy efficiency 
We remain committed to a continued 
programme of energy efficiency projects 
across our mobile, fixed and technology 
locations, which together account for 96% of 
our total global energy consumption.
 
We are continuing to deploy and optimise 
energy saving software solutions across 
our technical estate to reduce energy 
consumption during periods of low or no 
network traffic. We are retiring more energy-
hungry legacy systems and rationalising our 
property portfolio. This has reduced our energy 
usage by 171 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) in 
the last six years.
 
We have an ISO14001:2015 certified 
Environmental Management Standard, 
encompassing all Vodafone UK sites, contracts 
and operations. Additionally, our technical 
sites and offices have an ISO 50001:2018 
certified Energy Management 
System. This assures strong 
Scope 1 & 2 carbon reduction achievements

2024 | Carbon Reduction Plan Vodafone UK   7
Electrification of our car and van fleet 
We have increased the proportion of electric vehicles (EVs) in our company fleet. We have 
continued our policy to have EVs as the only option for company cars. Additional investment has 
been made in EV charging points across the Vodafone estate to support this transition. In 2021, 
we removed all internal combustion engine cars from our fleet lists, and in 2022, we removed all 
hybrid cars. We have an adoption rate of 70% for pure Battery Electric Vehicles in our company 
cars and 45% across our entire fleet, including commercial vehicles. 
Fluorinated gases
We use fluorinated gases (F-gases) in cooling equipment and fire suppression systems. Fugitive 
emissions from the accidental release or leakage of F-gases directly contribute to greenhouse 
gas emissions. We have enhanced methods to prevent the accidental release of F-gases and 
increasing the use of alternatives with lower Global Warming Potential (GWP) where possible. 
During FY24, we reduced our overall holding of FM200 by 33%.
Introduction   |  The Detail   |  Completed Projects   |   Future Projects   |   Sign-off 
2024 | Carbon Reduction Plan Vodafone UK   
8
Completed carbon reduction projects
Scope 3 carbon reduction achievements and our partnerships
This year we have further invested in enhanced 
Environmental, Social, Governance (ESG) 
reporting capabilities to improve the quality 
of our data. As of this year, our Scope 3 data 
disclosed by Vodafone Group in their annual 
report has been subject to external assurance.
Vodafone requires key suppliers to set a 1.5°C 
science-based carbon target and to report on 
environmental performance to CDP. Vodafone 
also launched a new environmentally linked 
supply chain financing programme in March 
2023, to collaborate with our smaller suppliers 
on net zero programmes.
To reduce our value chain emissions, we 
introduced a 20% weighting for environmental 
and social criteria in our supplier evaluation 
Request for Quote (RFQ) processes. Having 
robust environmental policies, addressing 
carbon emissions and using renewable energy 
are all key considerations for selecting and 
working with our suppliers.
We have a CO 2 analytics dashboard for our 
supply chain teams to view and track progress 
against our reduction targets. This helps 
our procurement team to identify suppliers, 
markets and categories which contribute higher 
emissions and helps us subsequently work on 
efficiencies with our partners. 
Activities to influence our downstream 
emissions include increasing the range of 
refurbished devices and we have seen year-on-
year sales growth.
Scope 3
For our Scope 3 emissions, we have less 
direct control of reduction activities, greater 
uncertainty about data availability and increased 
reliance on partners in our value chain. We have 
set a trajectory to reduce these emissions from 
our base year (2020) to our near-term target 
year (2030), and our long-term net zero target 
year (2040).
Currently, one of the key drivers of year-
to-year trends in our Scope 3 emissions is 
improvements in the quality of data inputs, 
emission factors or calculation methods. We 
continue to invest in improving the quality, 
accessibility and availability of carbon footprint 
data to enable better measurement and 
reduction of Scope 3 emissions across our 
industry.
Introduction   |  The Detail   |  Completed Projects   |   Future Projects   |   Sign-off 

2024 | Carbon Reduction Plan Vodafone UK   9
Partnerships  
We are proud to be signatories to the 
following campaigns:
UN Global Compact - a voluntary initiative 
that encourages businesses to adopt 
sustainable and socially responsible policies 
and practices.
RE100 - a global renewable energy initiative 
bringing together businesses committed to 
100% renewable electricity.
Race to Zero campaign - a global initiative 
aiming to mobilise businesses, cities, 
regions, and investors to achieve net-zero 
carbon emissions by 2050.
Reporting
We report to various disclosure schemes at 
Group level, including responding to the CDP’s 
climate change questionnaire since 2010. In 
February 2024, Vodafone was recognised for 
its leadership on corporate transparency and 
performance on tackling climate change by 
global environmental non-profit CDP, securing 
a place on its prestigious annual ‘A List’. 
Introduction   |  The Detail   |  Completed Projects   |   Future Projects   |   Sign-off 
2024 | Carbon Reduction Plan Vodafone UK   
10
Introduction   |  The Detail   |  Completed Projects   |   Future Projects   |   Sign-off 
Future carbon reduction projects
Scope 1 & 2 carbon reduction initiatives
Improving energy efficiency
We are investing in rationalisation efforts to 
eliminate legacy networks while innovating 
infrastructure to move towards cloud-based 
technology. Additionally, we are transitioning 
to highly energy-efficient servers within our 
technology centres, allowing us to increase 
operating temperatures and drive energy 
savings. We’re also focusing on energy 
efficiency during end-of-life replacement of 
electrical and mechanical infrastructure on 
items such as: 
• LED lighting for fluorescent tubes 
• Gas heating systems replaced with electric 
heat pumps    
• Cooling systems upgrades 
• Building Management System upgrades  
Vodafone is gathering data on traffic, weather, 
and smart meters. By using big data analytics, 
artificial intelligence, and machine learning 
algorithms, we are identifying opportunities to 
reduce carbon in our data centres.
Renewable electricity supply 
We are investing in additional on-site 
renewable electricity generation to expand 
our sustainable energy sources. Vodafone UK 
also plans to install rooftop solar photovoltaic 
on additional sites across the UK over the next 
few years. 
Natural gas for heating 
We’re committed to gradually reducing our 
reliance on natural gas for heating and hot 
water in our office and technical facilities. 
Instead, we’re transitioning to electric heat 
pumps and point-of-use water heaters. This 
transition will be completed over the next 
three years.
Diesel generators 
Eliminating the use of diesel generators is 
extremely challenging due to the need for 
emergency, temporary, and standby power. 
Therefore, we are currently transitioning 
our generators to operate on biofuel, 
hydrotreated vegetable oil, and/ or hybrid 
modes (battery and/ or solar). Additionally, we 
are exploring alternative on-site generation 
options.
Continuing progress towards net 
zero: Scope 1 & 2

2024 | Carbon Reduction Plan Vodafone UK   
11
Introduction   |  The Detail   |  Completed Projects   |   Future Projects   |   Sign-off 
Fluorinated gases  
We are improving the maintenance and operation of cooling and fire suppression 
systems to minimise accidental releases, updating our operating standards 
accordingly. We are further investigating and beginning to use alternative 
refrigerant gases with lower Global Warming Potential (GWP) during routine 
equipment replacement or refurbishment. Given that lower GWP gases can be 
toxic or flammable, we are monitoring innovations in low GWP refrigerants and 
evolving F-gas regulations. We aim to replace 61% of our stored volumes by the 
end of the financial year ending March 2025.
 
Electric car and van fleet 
We are transitioning our fleet to electric vehicles (EV) and will be fully EV across 
our car fleet by 2026. We are closely monitoring advancements needed in 
battery technology that are expected to occur within this timeframe. All office 
locations are now equipped with high power charging stations with a plan to 
complete most of the technical estate locations during this financial year.
Introduction   |  The Detail   |  Completed Projects   |   Future Projects   |   Sign-off 
Future carbon reduction projects
Scope 3 carbon reduction achievements and our partnerships
Scope 3 emissions
Vodafone will continue to develop and 
implement an annual programme of supplier 
engagement to set expectations for supplier 
climate action and data sharing. Where 
possible, we are focussing on receiving higher 
quality supplier-specific data rather than 
using estimates and assumptions. 
Industry collaboration and standardised 
reporting will be crucial to driving down our 
Scope 3 emissions, and we will continue to 
work with partners and suppliers to increase 
the reliability of data.
Introduction   |  The Detail   |  Completed Projects   |   Future Projects   |   Sign-off 
12 2024 | Carbon Reduction Plan Vodafone UK   
2024 | Carbon Reduction Plan Vodafone UK   
13
Introduction   |  The Detail   |  Completed Projects   |   Future Projects   |   Sign-off 
This Carbon Reduction Plan has been completed in accordance with PPN 06/21 and associated 
guidance and reporting standard for Carbon Reduction Plans. 
Emissions have been reported and recorded in accordance with the published reporting standard 
for Carbon Reduction Plans and the GHG Reporting Protocol corporate standard 3  and uses the 
appropriate 2023 Government emission conversion factors or equivalents, depending on the data 
available for greenhouse gas company reporting 4 .
Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions have been reported in accordance with SECR requirements, and 
the required subset of Scope 3 emissions have been reported in accordance with the published 
reporting standard for Carbon Reduction Plans and the Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Standard 5 . 
This Carbon Reduction Plan has been reviewed and signed off by the board of directors (or 
equivalent management body). 
Signed on behalf of Vodafone UK: 
Andrea Dona, UK Networks Director & Development and Net Zero Sponsor
Date: 10th July 2024
1. Freitag, C. et al. (2021), The real climate and transformative impact of ICT: A critique of estimates, trends, and regulations.  
2. In 2018 Vodafone Group carried out a materiality assessment to determine its most significant Scope 3 emissions. None of 
the five categories that the UK Government has mandated to be included in this Carbon Reduction Plan were deemed to be 
material for Vodafone. Vodafone’s main Scope 3 emissions relate to goods and services we purchase, energy-related services, 
consumer use of sold products and investments. As a result, we did not record Scope 3 data for the categories that UK 
Government has requested in our baseline year.  
3. https:/ / ghgprotocol.org/ corporate-standard  
4. https:/ /www.gov.uk/ government/ collections/ government-conversion-factors-for-company-reporting  
5. https:/ / ghgprotocol.org/standards/scope-3-standard
Declaration and sign off 
