Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.  
climate 
report_  
Prepared based on the recommendations of the 
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
Published in April, 2023
TCFD index
The table below summarizes our alignment with the recommendations of the Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
Recommendation Description and strategic priorities
Governance
Board of Directors’ oversight of 
climate risks and opportunities.
The Board of Directors and the Executive Committee oversee the progress of the climate agenda, including through committees focused on environmental, social and 
climate topics, with pre-defined frequency and agendas, ensure that climate-related issues are integrated into the strategic decision-making process, and monitor progress 
towards climate targets and commitments made by the bank.
Management’s role in assessing 
and managing climate risks and 
opportunities.
Executives have responsibility for the climate agenda through integrated and cross-cutting governance. Our climate responsibility is addressed in corporate policies and 
procedures. We have a training agenda on climate change, as this topic can impact even the compensation of employees and executives. 
Strategy
Risks and opportunities identified in 
the short-, medium- and long-terms.
We map climate risks and opportunities to which our businesses and operations may be exposed and develop an implementation strategy. We assess our exposure to 
different sectors and opportunities through risk management processes and climate metrics.
Impact of climate risks and 
opportunities on business, strategy 
and financial planning.
The risks and opportunities identified influence our strategy, which is focused on the adoption of stakeholder engagement actions and measures to reduce the impacts of 
climate change on the bank’s business and operations. 
We develop products and services by taking into consideration their impacts on climate change, set emission reduction targets for our operation and the power 
generation and coal generation sectors as well, as these are the sectors to be prioritized according to the NZBA commitment. We also act on to support farming production 
decarbonization, in addition to encouraging the carbon credit market. 
Resilience of the organization’s 
strategy, taking into account 
different climate scenarios.
We address different climate scenarios to guide our risk management processes and define our sector decarbonization targets and commercial ambition. Based on the 
Net-Zero scenario of the International Energy Agency (IEA), targets are in line with pathway to 1.5°C. These exercises defined Itaú’s commercial strategy and ambition to be 
in a position as the climate transition bank for our clients.
3 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Risk Management
Processes for identifying and 
assessing climate-related risks.
We have developed a methodology to identify climate risks – both physical and transition – in the short, medium and long terms. We are attentive to the progress of the 
regulatory agenda that may impact our business and operations.
Processes for managing 
climate-related risks.
We adopt measures to address climate risks in assessments of clients, loans, and other operations with a focus on increasing our resilience. We also monthly monitor the 
loan portfolio exposure to physical and transition risks, with regular reports according to our governance risk structure.
Integration of the processes 
for identifying, assessing and 
managing climate-related risks into 
the overall risk management.
We map the transmission channels that connect climate risks to other traditional risk disciplines, such as credit and reputational risks. Based on these connections, we 
manage climate risk in an integrated way by strengthening the bank's risk management processes, which are supported by a robust governance framework based on the 
three lines of defense methodology.
Metrics and Targets
Metrics used by the institution 
to assess climate risks and 
opportunities.
We adopt specific metrics for managing climate risks and opportunities in connection with our business and operations. We actively take part in global discussions focused 
on building new metrics, as well as on the progress of emission quantification calculations and methodologies.
Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions and 
related risks.
We measure scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions from the bank’s operations and financed emissions by applying the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) 
methodology. In 2022, performance was as follows:
Scope 11: 22.925 tCO₂e
Scope 2 by choice of purchase2: 2.537 tCO₂e
Scope 3, except financed emissions3: 41.659 tCO₂e
Financed emissions4: 20,600,000 tCO₂e
Targets used to manage climate 
risks and opportunities.
Our goal is achieving net-zero by 2050, with intermediate targets for sectors and our operations. Considering the current available technological, our efforts have enabled 
us to make headway in the following targets:
A 63% reduction in the intensity of financed emissions of the power generation sector by 2030.
Phasing out financial transactions in the thermal coal sector by 2030.
Allocation of R$400 billion to ESG and climate-related positive impact sectors by 2025.
Having 80% of our branches run on renewable energy by 2025.
Recommendation Description and strategic priorities
1 It includes Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay. | 2 It includes Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay. |  3 It includes Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay. | 4 It includes all Itaú’s financed emissions, will global reach.
4 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
about this report
This report presents our climate strategy, in line with the recommendation of the TCFD on 
Governance, Strategy, Risk Management and Climate Metrics and Targets. It also discloses 
how our decarbonization efforts have progressed since we joined the Net Zero Banking 
Alliance (NZBA) and made the net-zero commitment in 2021. We present our targets for 
the power generation sector and the review of the thermal coal phase-out process.
Our climate strategy is structured around risk management and governance processes, 
market standards and regulations based on a continuous improvement process. 
The approach to climate strategy and achievement of net-zero by 2050 is based 
on the understanding of our impacts and definition of the fundamentals of action 
(Understanding and Assessing to Apply).
This understanding of risks, opportunities and impacts is the basis for defining our 
main targets, commitments and action plans, and was taken into account throughout 
all decarbonization target setting stages. Implementing our strategy involves getting 
different stakeholders to engage in our climate transition actions and managing the risks, 
opportunities and impacts felt or caused by our businesses and operations.
independent assurance
In this report we present data regarding climate, emissions and overall eco-
efficiency that has been assured in the scope of our ESG Report. We list here the 
key assured GRI metrics relevant to this Climate Report.
GRI 2: General Disclosures: 3. Governance 
GRI 2: General Disclosures: 4. Strategy, policies and practices 
GRI 3: Material Topics 
GRI 201: Economic Performance 
GRI 302: Energy 
GRI 303: Water and effluents 
GRI 305: Emissions 
GRI 306: Waste 
G4-DMA FS: Portfolio of products
For more details access our Supplementary Index.
5 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
context
Financial institutions are 
drivers of changes in the 
production chains of all 
economic sectors. That’s 
why we aim to be the 
climate transition bank 
for our clients.
6 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
introduction
Climate transition represents a great opportunity to rethink 
the 21th century economic model. We have the mission 
to achieve net-zero by 2050 to ensure we meet the Paris 
Agreement requirements and prevent the consequences of 
the climate crisis. To this end, we must promote a transition 
to a low-carbon economy through a number of changes, 
innovations, technologies and discoveries that must be 
integrated into the means of production and consumption. 
Governments, companies and people that are prepared for 
this new environment will certainly be better positioned in 
the new economy.
From the moment we publish this report to 2050 there will 
be great challenges to be overcome. According to the United 
Nations’ Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), 
in 2022 Earth’s temperature has already risen by 1.1°C from 
pre-industrial levels. The stabilization of the greenhouse gas 
concentration in the atmosphere is urgent. With respect to 
the scenario in Brazil, decarbonization involves the reduction 
of emissions in a number of economic sectors. Important 
opportunities exist in Brazil in connection with the stimulus 
to a low-carbon economy, bioeconomy and conservation of 
our ecosystems. 
Financial institutions are major allies when it comes to 
decarbonization, since they have the potential to influence 
the direction of financial flows by supporting green, positive 
impact and low-carbon economic sectors. 
The climate agenda will influence the financial system 
strategy over years to come. As the largest bank in Latin 
America and a pioneer of the ESG agenda, we aim to be the 
climate transition bank for our clients. 
Being the climate transition bank means not only endeavor 
all efforts possible to reduce our GHG emissions from 
operations and business, but also engage and support our 
clients in their decarbonization journeys. This can be done 
by providing products, services and advisory solutions 
to reduce risks and generate opportunities that reflect 
this strategy in our business, loan portfolio management 
and services. 
Climate transition is not an 
agenda to restrict business 
but rather one to foster the 
build-up of a more resilient and 
responsible economy aligned 
with global commitments. 
7 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Standards and initiatives we follow 
We aim to align our strategy to top climate action standards and initiatives:
 • GHG Protocol_ In 2022 we were granted, for the 11th 
consecutive time, the gold seal from the Brazilian GHG 
Protocol Program, which certifies organizations for the 
high quality of their emission inventories.  Our emissions 
data is also available on the Public Emissions Registry. 
We support the Commitment to Climate initiative, set up 
in 2017 as a multisector partnership and backed by the 
technical analysis of Instituto Ekos to select projects to 
offset emissions by using high integrity credits.
 • Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF)_ 
In 2021 we joined PCAF, a global partnership of financial 
institutions focused on developing methodologies to 
measure financed and invested carbon emissions. PCAF 
was founded in 2015 and in March 2023 it had already 
been joined by over 370 financial institutions around the 
world. It is recommended by TCFD as a methodology to 
measure financed emissions in financial institutions.
 • CDP_ we also disclose climate-related information to 
CDP , the main global climate finance index, with issues 
aligned to TCFD.  
 • Paris Agreement_ as signatories to PRB and NZBA, we 
aim to align our strategy with the Paris Climate Agreement 
signed in 2015, which has the goal of limiting the rise in 
global average temperature to 2º C, with efforts to keep 
it below 1.5ºC. 
 • Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) _ since 2017, we have supported and act on to 
comply with the TCFD, a task force created by the G20-
linked Financial Stability Board (FSB), which encourages 
organizations to get to know and disclose information 
about the impact of climate change on their business. 
The goal is to allow investors to make well-informed 
decisions and turn climate information disclosure into a 
market practice.  
 • Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB)_ since 2019 
we have been signatories to PRB, which are linked to the 
United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative 
(UNEP-FI) and aim to align the global financial system 
to initiatives that promote positive impact on society 
and on Earth. Climate change is a topic that is present in 
PRB, which provide for financial institutions to align their 
strategies with global climate commitments, notably the 
Paris Agreement, among other practices.
 • Unep-FI_ we are a member of the TCFD Working Group, 
teamed up with nearly 40 financial institutions from 
different countries, and are involved in the development 
of the Transition Check Tool, a tool for analysis of 
transition scenarios. 
 • Brazilian Federation of Banks (FEBRABAN) _ in 
2022 we joined the Climate Squad, a group focused 
on addressing the alignment of global methodologies 
with the Brazilian reality. We developed and 
implemented tools to identify material climate risks 
and manage climate finance, addressing physical and 
transition risks associated with the Brazilian scenario, 
and changes in the loan portfolio sensitivity to 
climate change. 
8 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Net Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA)
Achieving Net Zero means reducing net emissions of CO₂ equivalent (CO₂e)5 to zero. The 
reduction of emissions requires measures such as the adoption of new, more efficient 
technologies, technologies for carbon capture and renewable energy sources, among other 
possibilities. 
Emissions can be caused by direct operation (what we call scope 1), energy consumption 
(scope 2), and by sources that, although not controlled by the company, are included in its 
activity broadly, such as suppliers and clients (scope 3). 
When it comes to banks, major emissions are those related to the loan portfolio, that 
is, financed issues (scope 3). This means that, to achieve Net Zero, we rely on the 
decarbonization of our clients and the real economy. To face up to this challenge, 
in October 2021 we joined NZBA, a UNEP-FI-linked initiative that gathered 126 financial 
institutions from 41 countries in March 2023, accounting for 41% of global banking assets. 
NZBA is a member of the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ), founded with 
the goal to connect financial institutions to United Nations’ Race to Zero, a campaign that 
mobilizes leaders, businesses, cities and investors to achieve Net Zero by 2050.
The NZBA recommends that target setting be in line with the latest science-based scenarios 
to lead to net zero on a 1.5°C transition pathway, such as the scenarios constructed by 
the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and the Net Zero Scenario by the 
International Energy Agency (IEA). Taking into consideration the size of the challenge and 
based on climate scenarios, the NZBA has defined nine sectors as priority:
Agriculture
Aluminum
Cement
Coal
Real Estate
Steel
Oil & Gas
Power Generation
Transport
Commitments made 
By joining NZBA we made the following commitments:
Achieve net zero by 2050 for scopes 1, 2 and 3.
Disclose targets for the nine sectors prioritized by NZBA
within 36 months after joining.
Carry out the first disclosure of targets, focusing on significant
sectors and clients, within 18 months after joining NZBA,
considering intermediate targets for 2030.
Disclose, one year after the sector targets, an action plan for
their achievement; 
Review targets and the transition plan every five years after
joining.
Annually disclose the financed emissions and the progress
of our climate actions.
Achieving net zero in 2050 relies on the availability of data, tools and methodologies 
appropriate for monitoring actions, the evolution of technologies that contribute to the 
decarbonization of sectors and their adoption by our clients and the public authorities. 
Technology solutions are not yet widely available or not scalable for some economic 
sectors. These sectors require support in their transition and to be monitored by 
market agents.
5 Carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) corresponds to all different greenhouse gases evaluated based on their carbon dioxide 
(CO2) equivalence, considering different warming potentials. Therefore, when it comes to CO2 we are referring to carbon 
dioxide, while CO2e refers to all greenhouse gases.
9 priority sectors (NZBA)
9 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Timeline 
Our ESG and climate strategy has had a breakthrough role recognized in the financial market. The unfolding of this strategy pervades our business and goes under a continuous improvement 
process to help the transition pathway of both the financial system and our clients. We understand that climate change is a topic that interconnects with the environmental, social and 
governance universe, being addressed from different perspectives in the bank’s strategy. To learn more about our ESG actions, please access our Integrated Annual Report and our ESG Report.
2008
 • Support to the creation of the Brazil GHG 
Protocol (alongside FGV).
 • Bank’s first GHG emissions inventory. 
 • Itaú Asset Management joins the PRI.
 • Joins the UNEP-FI.
2009
 • Set-up of the 
Sustainability Policy.
2014
 • Set-up of the 
Environmental 
and Social. 
Sustainability Policy
2015
 • 1st Gas 
Emission 
Offset Notice. 
2017
 • Set-up of the Environmental and 
Social Sustainability Policy.
 • Itaú Asset Management includes 
the carbon variable in the 
company screening process.
 • Study of the climate change 
impact on the loan portfolio for 
large companies.
 • Set-up of the Commitment to 
Climate Platform. 
2018
 • Set-up of the Climate 
Finance Squad for TCFD 
implementation. 
 • Participation in the 
Working Group for 
implementation 
of UNEP-FI-TCFD.
 • Participation in the 
Climate Change Squad 
run by Febraban.
 • First positioning on 
climate change.
2019
 • Launch of our Positive 
Impact Commitments.
 • Joins the Principles for 
Responsible Banking (PRB).
 • Set-up of the Corporate 
Environmental and Social 
Risk department.
2020
 • Teamed up to two other 
large private banks 
in Brazil to launch 
the Amazon Plan.
2021
 • Joins the Partnership 
for Carbon Accounting 
Financials (PCAF).
 • Joins the NZBA and sets the 
Itaú Net Zero 2050 target.
 • Integration of Climate 
Scenarios in investments by 
Itaú Asset Management. 
2022
 • Launch of ESG Cube.
 • Foundation of Biomas.
 • Founding member of Jornada Amazônia 
(Amazon Journey).
 • Thermal coal phase-out is announced.
 • New Environmental, Social and Climate. 
Responsibility Policy (PRSAC).
 • Environmental, Social and Climate Policy (PRSAC).
2023
 • Publication of this climate 
reporting report.
 • Decarbonization targets 
for Power Generation 
and Thermal Coal 
are announced.
10 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
climate 
governance_
12
governance of climate risks 
and opportunities
15
policies and 
procedures
16
employee 
engagement
Governance of climate 
risks and opportunities
Roles and Responsibilities
We incorporate climate change across our different structures by monitoring risks, 
opportunities and their potential impacts on our business. We have the oversight of the 
Board of Directors and the Executive Committee, including through Committees that 
address, guide and decide on climate issues. We have specialists responsible for integrating 
this topic into our institutional and business areas. 
The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the implementation of the 
decarbonization strategy and recommending actions on specific ESG and climate issues, 
in addition to being responsible for the approval of the Environmental, Social and Climate 
Responsibility Policy (PRSAC). It has the support of the Environmental, Social and Climate 
Responsibility Committee whose mandate is to oversee any actions related to the 
implementation of the PRSAC, coordinating its activities with those of other Committees 
reporting to the Board of Directors, such as the Risk and Capital Management (CGRC) and 
the Audit Committee. Climate transition has been discussed in many forums, including the 
Board of Directors, as it has the potential to impact strategies, action plans, risk management, 
business opportunities and other issues.
When it comes to the Executive Committee level, we have the Superior ESG Council, 
responsible for defining and ensuring compliance with the ESG and Climate strategy and the 
goals and targets set out. Also at the EC level, we have the Environmental, Social and Climate 
Risk Committees whose mandate is to ensure the proper management of Environmental, 
Social and Climate risks, being responsible for approving and monitoring risk metrics and 
inclusion of climate variables. 
Executive Committee Members and related responsibilities
Executive Committee members have specific responsibilities associated with climate 
issues and they oversee the climate agenda through the committees in which they 
participate, as highlighted below:
Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO): heads the sustainability and ESG strategy 
department and works as the institutional Project Management Office (PMO) of the 
climate strategy, guiding the teams that implement and monitor commitments, at 
all times in line with institutional guidelines, market trends and technical expertise in 
climate change. 
Chief Risk Officer (CRO): responsible for the risk structure, also responsible for 
the unit that operates in the integration of climate risk to the institution’s global 
risk management, being responsible for the Environmental, Social and Climate Risk 
Policy and the specific Climate Risk Management procedure. Also works as a liaison 
with regulators. 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO): heads the finance and investor relation departments, 
being responsible for the disclosure of earnings and reports to the market including 
the provision of climate information.
12 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Below we highlight the hierarchical levels, forums, responsibilities and frequency of meetings that guide our climate management. 
Over the last few years, a number of significant climate strategy decisions have been submitted to our governance forums.
Board of Directors
Addresses, at least once a year, sustainability and climate change 
related topics
The Institution’s highest forum of discussion of climate change and ESG 
issues. It guides the bank’s climate strategy and oversees climate risks 
and opportunities. It approves and reviews the Environmental, Social 
and Climate Responsibility Policy (PRSAC) and guides actions aimed at its 
effective operation.
Level: Board of Directors 
Board members. The list of members is available on the Itaú website.
Environmental, Social and Climate Responsibility Committee
At least three times a year
It defines the environmental, social and climate responsibility strategy, 
assesses actions aimed to comply with and implement the PRSAC, integrates 
its activities with the Risk and Capital Management Committee (CGRC) 
and prepares proposals to the Board regarding the PRSAC review and 
implementation.
Level: Board of Directors
Board members are listed on Itaú’s website.
Audit Committee
At least quarterly, with climate actions addressed upon demand
It addresses and oversees the actions carried out by the departments in 
charge of Environmental, Social and Climate risks. 
Level: Board of Directors
The list of the Audit Committee members is available on Itaú’s website.
Capital and Risk Management Committee (CGRC)
Climate issues are addressed at least twice a year
It supports the Board of Directors in risk management, including 
environmental, social and climate risks
Nível: Board of Directors
The list of CGRC members is available on Itaú’s website.
Committees addressing climate issues 
13 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Environmental, Social and Climate Risk 
Committee (Superior CRSAC)
On demand
It resolves on the climate risk decision-making process, 
which may be escalated by the CRSAC due to the topic 
complexity and materiality 
Level: Executive Committee
Itaú Unibanco’s CEO; Itaú BBA’s CEO;
Chief Risk Officer (CRO);
Chief Institutional Relations and Sustainability Officer 
(CSO) Legal Officer.  
Environmental, Social and Climate Risk Committee (CRSAC)
At least every six months
It resolves on strategic, business and institutional matters involving Environmental, 
Social and Climate Risks
Level: Officers
Credit Risk and Modeling Officer;
Corporate Compliance Officer;
Chief Institutional Relations and Sustainability Officer (CSO);
 Legal officer;
Officers of impacted areas.
ESG Wholesale Committee
Every two months
It approves sector decarbonization strategies and action 
plans, ensures and monitors the achievement of the 
R$ 400 billion target in positive impact sectors by 2025 
and the actions on climate transition for Itaú BBA’s 
business. It monitors and resolves on Itaú BBA’s ESG and 
climate work fronts. 
Level: Executive Committee
Itaú BBA’s CEO; Chief Institutional Relations and 
Sustainability Officer (CSO); Chief Risk Officer (CRO);
Corporate Compliance Officer; Finance Officers;
Legal officer; Itaú BBA’s Strategy and Planning Officer
Executives from the commercial, Agribusiness, Project 
Finance and Investment Banking departments.
Superior ESG Council
At least every two months. The Council has the authority 
to submit matters to the Board of Directors, as required.
It monitors the bank’s work in relation to main ESG 
and climate demands from the market, regulators and 
civil society.
Level: Executive Committee
Members of the Executive Committee 
(list available on Itaú’s website).
Corporate Compliance Officer
Chief Institutional Relations and 
Sustainability Officer (CSO)
Ombudsman’s Superintendent
ESG Wealth Management Services Committee
At least three times a year
It updates the teams’ training progress in sustainable finance and good practices, 
regulations, voluntary compacts that guide investment advice, individual investors, 
partner managers, ESG criteria for equity planning and other matters related to 
investment products managed by WMS.
Level: Officers
Chief WMS Officer; Itaú Asset’s Officer; Chief Institutional Relations and 
Sustainability Officer (CSO); Superintendents and other senior management 
members of WMS; Itaú Private and Itaú Asset.
14 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
policies and 
procedures 
Procedure for Climate Risk Management 
(internal document) 
It formalizes processes to identify, assess and manage 
climate risk, including the risk mapping process, sensitivity 
analysis and the roles and responsibilities for climate 
risk management.
Procedure for Environmental, Social and Climate Risks - 
Credit (internal document) 
It sets out guidelines for managing Environmental, Social 
and Climate Risks in connection with credit relationships and 
operations with credit risk, as well as guidelines and criteria 
for their analysis and monitoring metrics and responsibilities. 
Procedure for Commitment to Positive Impact  
(internal document) 
It formalizes the roles and responsibilities for monitoring and 
meeting Positive Impact Commitments. 
Procedure for establishing Itaú Unibanco taxonomies  
(internal document) 
It outlines the guidelines adopted in the build-up of 
the commitment to finance positive impact sectors and 
associated taxonomy, as well as the main frameworks used 
to classify sectors and define taxonomies. 
Procedure for Management of Environmental Aspects 
and Impacts (internal document) 
It formalizes the management of environmental aspects and 
impacts associated with activities, products and services.
We have specific Policies and procedures  that address 
climate change within the scope of our Environmental, Social 
and Climate Responsibility Policy.
Environmental, Social and Climate Responsibility Policy 
(PRSAC) (public document) 
It outlines the principles, guidelines and strategies for the 
environmental, social and climate pillars. 
Risk Management Policy (internal document) 
It sets out risk management guidelines and framework 
based on three lines of defense; roles and responsibilities in 
risk management and integration of Environmental, Social 
and Climate Risks with other risks.
Investor Relations Policy (public document) 
It outlines the responsibilities and conduct of professionals 
in charge of investor relations, including Sustainability-
related topics. 
Environmental, Social and Climate Risk Policy 
(public document) 
It sets out the rules and responsibilities related to the 
management of Environmental, Social and Climate Risks.
Corporate Integrity, Ethics and Conduct Policy 
(public document) 
It outlines guidelines complementary to Itaú Unibanco Code 
of Ethics and recognizes environmental, social and climate 
responsibility as a pillar of our strategy.
6 Policies are documents that outline the institutional strategies and guidelines on a given matter at the bank, translating what needs to be done and why into actions.  
Procedures provide greater detail, supporting the processes set out in the policy to which it is linked, making it clear “how” it should be done and “who” should do it. In spite 
of this distinction, both policies and procedures have the same relevance for the governance of Itaú Unibanco.
15 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
employee engagement 
The Strategy and Planning, Business, Sustainability, Risks, Products, Credit, Finance, Investor Relations, Data, Stress Testing, Equity, Procurement and other teams act on to implement our 
climate strategy in business and operations. We set up a Decarbonization Working Group, focused on discussions such as the calculation of financed emissions and setting climate targets 
aimed at making headway in our Net Zero commitment implementation. 
Specific and general training
We provide knowledge trails on our internal education platform, through which 
employees have access to videos, articles and other climate change content. For 
example, in 2022 we made two knowledge trails available for the commercial team and 
support areas: one trail on the Net Zero concept and strategy and the other focusing on 
sector business opportunities in climate change. We also held a series of presentations 
with internal specialists and external guests with priority topics for each department. 
Another central pillar in our training is the engagement of senior management, aimed 
at a more assertive decision-making process in view of the environmental, social 
and economic challenges imposed by climate change. Overall we had more than 400 
employees attending leadership and executive training focused on Net Zero, carbon 
market, emission calculation and innovation, and over 1,400 attending ESG finance, 
carbon and sustainability training for Itaú BBA’s commercial teams.
Linking compensation to climate performance  
Climate issues affect the variable pay of professionals involved in the bank’s many 
activities and businesses, through performance indicators, projects and initiatives set 
out in individual target agreements at different hierarchical levels. 
We outline the targets, grouped by ESG and climate-related topics, that impact 
individual performance and, consequently, the variable compensation of a number of 
employees, as follows: 
climate change: targets for climate strategy implementation with a focus on 
Net Zero transition plans; development of new products, services, metrics, 
positioning and advocacy of climate change-related topics. These targets are 
set out in contracts of officers, superintendents and employees of departments 
linked to climate change topic. Target-related metrics are also assessed. 
transparency of communication and training: targets for the financial 
reporting agenda and ESG and climate reporting, covering the quality of 
financial statements, progress of indicators and implementation of ESG and 
climate knowledge trails for employees and society in general. These targets are 
set out in the contracts of executives, officers, supervisors and employees of the 
finance and audit teams, such as investor relations and accounting departments.
environmental management of our operations: energy, emissions, water 
consumption and waste generation reduction targets in connection with our 
operations and the operations of suppliers, in addition to creating monitoring 
indicators. Some executives, officers, supervisors and employees of the 
business units in charge of infrastructure have their compensation linked to the 
achievement of these targets
The CEO of Itaú BBA has the challenge of driving the implementation of the bank’s 
ESG and climate strategy included in his individual goals contract, including driving 
the commitment to direct R$400 billion to positive impact sectors and the Itaú Net 
Zero journey to decarbonize the credit portfolio.
co²
16 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
climate 
strategy_
18
strategic 
approach 
25
how we implement our 
climate strategy
strategic approach 
We organize our strategy structure based on three major pillars, focused on client centricity and the bank’s ongoing readiness to meet client needs in view of climate change challenges. 
Components of our climate strategy, these pillars are outlined in more detail below.
In the first pillar, we seek to understand and 
assess the context in which climate change 
discussions are inserted and any potential 
opportunities for our business, clients and 
operations, as well as their potential impacts 
on our strategy and how our business and 
operations could cause an increase or decrease in 
GHG emissions. 
The second pillar, the engagement of stakeholders 
for the transition, is important in the pathway to Net 
Zero. The ongoing engagement with the most different 
groups of stakeholders, focusing mainly on our clients, 
is the pathway to identify innovative solutions and 
capture opportunities towards a low carbon economy. 
We engage in discussions on climate change in sector 
associations, advocate this cause before the public 
authorities, encourage our suppliers to integrate 
this topic into their business and run awareness-
raising campaigns among our employees and other 
stakeholders. 
The third pillar is to reduce impacts and create 
opportunities by adopting any actions required 
to increase the resilience of our business and 
operations to climate change. Here our focus is on 
business impacts. We work mainly with Itaú BBA, which 
is responsible for operating with large and middle-
market companies and throughout the agribusiness 
chain, by setting decarbonization targets for specific 
sectors and sustainable finance, with the development 
of green products, ESG-linked structured operations, 
specific credit lines and alignment of the portfolio to 
achieve Net Zero by 2050.
When it comes to impacts on operations, our strategy 
is aimed at ecoefficiency projects, emission offset 
programs, solar energy generation at branches, 
contingency plans for climate risks and exposure of 
branches to flooding risks.
1 2 3
18 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Understanding and assessing 
to apply
Mapping the impacts of risks and 
opportunities 
As climate risks and opportunities can impact 
our operations and business understanding 
them is crucial for our strategy. 
Climate risks can be either physical or transition. 
Physical risks are related to the increase in 
frequency and intensity of extreme climate 
events and changes in climate patterns. 
Transition risks meanwhile are associated with 
emission trading and taxation schemes, laws 
and regulations to restrict emissions, climate 
litigation, technological barriers, changes in 
client and consumer behavior, etc.
Effective actions in the present, aimed at 
mitigating climate change, minimize physical 
risks in the long term. A late climate transition 
implies increased exposure to physical risks 
in the future, especially if we fail to meet the 
targets set by the Paris Agreement. 
Climate change also brings in opportunities 
associated with the development of new 
products and services that promote climate 
transition, participation in carbon markets, 
increasing business resilience to different 
mitigation and adaptation scenarios and greater 
efficiency in the use of resources. All businesses, 
including the financial sector, are subject to 
different risk and opportunity settings.
Meetings and 
communications 
with clients
Participation in 
sector associations
Client 
assessment 
tool
Advocacy 
before public 
authorities
Stimulus to the 
transition plan of 
carbon-intensive 
sectors
Connection 
of clients with 
startups for 
decarbonization
Awareness and 
incentive 
campaigns
Identification of 
the climate targets 
of our clientsIncentive to the best 
practices of suppliers
on operations on business
Definition of the 
baseline and 
curves of sector 
decarbonization
Portfolio 
decarbonization
Climate 
products 
and services
Work in the carbon 
market
Biodiversity
Ecoefficiency 
Projects
Emission 
Offset 
Program
Generation of 
solar energy for 
branches
Contingency plans 
for climate risks
Exposure of 
branches to 
flooding risks
NetZero
create opportunities
reduce impacts
Assessing 
data | information
Understanding
context | sector | region | 
activities
engagement of stakeholders for the transition
How we 
implement 
climate strategy
To 
apply
$
co²
!
co²
19 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Risks identified 
We have mapped the potential impacts of climate risks and their transmission channels into traditional risk categories, namely 
credit risk, operational risk, market risk and liquidity risk. Risks were assessed in relation to their possible materialization 
period, considering short-term (up to 5 years), medium term (from 5 to 10 years) and long term (above 10 years), periods, 
classified according to the type of the risk (physical, transition or both) and possible qualitative materialization scenarios. 
Mapping was the first step to start prioritizing our climate risks. 
Climate risk factor and materialization trend (in years) Credit Operational Market Liquidity
Transition risk
Climate regulations and regulator’s oversight Up to 2 years
Mandatory disclosure Up to 2 years
Worsening of portfolio credit quality 5 to 10 years
Portfolio climate exposure and climate taxonomy Up to 2 years
Change in pricing of assets and properties 5 to 10 years
Climate litigation 2 to 5 years
Stranded assets > 10 years
Carbon pricing 2 to 5 years
Carbon reduction, neutralization and removal 5 to 10 years
Change in environmental legislation 5 to 10 years
Market barriers and stakeholder requirement Up to 2 years
Physical risk
Physical risk impact
Other secondary consequences of climate risks
Potential materialization in 
other risk disciplines
Not relevant
Medium relevance
Relevant
20 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Upon mapping these risks, we took into account the qualitative climate scenarios described below. 
Qualitative scenarios used in risk mapping*
Scenario 1: 
Orderly transition
In this scenario, the transition to a low-carbon 
economy starts immediately and proceeds in 
an orderly way with actions taken by regulators 
and the government to ensure financial 
stability. Economy will have time to adjust to the 
new scenario. 
Scenario 2:
Abrupt transition 
In this scenario, governments and regulators act late 
and the transition occurs in an abrupt and disorderly 
way, with greater impact on certain sectors and 
countries. Financial crisis and unemployment are 
more likely in carbon-intensive sectors.
Scenario 3: 
Materialization of physical risks 
(hot house world)
In this scenario, no transition occurs and the 
goals of the Paris Agreement are not achieved. 
The physical effects of climate change become 
increasingly evident, especially starting in 
2030. The occurrence of extreme events and 
irreversible changes in climate patterns can alter 
the productivity of a number of economic sectors 
and lead to systemic environmental, social and 
economic crises.
Scenario 4: 
Too little, too late
In this scenario, transition actions fall short 
of what is required or are delayed, generating 
insufficient effect to ensure that the climate 
goals of the Paris Agreement are achieved. 
Therefore, the presence of physical risks 
becomes greater and more evident and 
propels a disordered transition that can be 
disruptive and abrupt. 
* https://www.ngfs.net/ngfs-scenarios-portal/
21 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
The table below shows some non-exhaustive examples of key actions to mitigate climate risk in our strategy. 
 Identified risks and mitigation strategies  
Event Climate risk management initiatives
Climate regulations and oversight of financial 
market regulators  • We monitor and secure compliance with regulatory requirements. 
Mandatory disclosure  • We participate in sector associations with a climate focus to monitor the best practices and standardize information that facilitates 
comparability among institutions.
Worsening of portfolio credit quality and portfolio 
climate exposure
 • We assess clients through an internal tool to better direct the offer of products and solutions to the transition economy.
 • Sensitivity to client risk rating and monitoring and reporting of Itaú Unibanco’s loan portfolio exposure to climate risks. 
 • Reduction of portfolio exposure to climate risk through green products and business and incentives for positive impact sectors.
Financial impact on assets and real estate
 • Contingency plans for climate risks. 
 • Assessment of exposure of branches to flooding risks.
 • Diligence in the financing of real estate projects with specific documentation requirements, in-site verifications and remote reports.
Climate litigation  • Follow-up and response to legislative issues and manifestations of civil society in the national and international market. 
Stranded assets
 • Assessment of exposure of branches to flooding risks.
 • Decarbonization targets. 
 • Thermal coal phase-out.
Carbon Pricing
 • Renewable solar power generation for branches.
 • Advocacy before the public authorities to encourage carbon regulation.
 • Risk rating sensitivity.
Carbon reduction, neutralization and removal  • All initiatives in our climate strategy are aimed at carbon reduction, neutralization and/or removal.
Change in environmental legislation  • Follow-up and response to legislative issues in the domestic and international markets.
Market barriers and stakeholder requirements
 • Participation in sector associations with a climate focus within the scope of Febraban, CEBDS, UNEP-FI, Global Compact and ICC to monitor 
requirements, benchmarking and information standardization.
 • Advocacy before the public authorities to foster carbon regulation.
Physical risk impacts
 • Contingency plans for climate risks. 
 • Assessment of exposure of branches to flooding risks.
 • Sensitivity to risk rating of Itaú BBA’s clients.
Other secondary consequences of climate risks  • Our climate strategy initiatives aim at reducing direct and indirect risks in the short, medium and long terms, including by following 
market trends.
22 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Opportunities identified
We identify and act on to structure climate opportunities that make sense for our operations and business. Climate transition demands financing and investments in mitigation and 
adaptation, development of new technologies and sustainable infrastructure. These new requirements can be met with the development of new products and services, increasing the 
efficiency of our operations, accessing new markets and increasing our resilience to climate change impacts. The table below shows some non-exhaustive examples of how climate opportunities 
have been incorporated.
Opportunity 
category Actions adopted Justification Expected impact
Efficiency in the 
use of resources Ecoefficiency
Reduce emissions reduction, energy consumption, water consumption and 
waste generation initiatives. Measurement and compensation of residual 
GHG emissions.
 • Increased efficiency.
 • Greater resilience of operations to climate change risks.
Energy source
Supply of 80% of branches 
by solar energy by 2025 and 
distributed energy generation.
Reduce the reliance on fossil energy and, consequently, GHG emissions. 
Supply will be secured by 46 solar energy plants with a 54.7 MWp generation 
capacity in a distributed generation model.
 • Increased efficiency.
 • Reduction of exposure to future fossil fuel price rises. 
 • Reduction of exposure to GHG emissions and resulting less sensitivity to 
carbon cost changes.
Renewable energy 
generation support.
Renewable energy generation is one of our positive impact 
sectors and power generation is one of the priority sectors in our 
decarbonization efforts.
 • Reduction of energy matrix emission intensity. 
 • Reduction of energy portfolio emission intensity.
Products 
and Services
Products structuring for a low-
carbon economy. 
We offer capital market products, originating and onlending credit lines, 
in addition to partnerships with multilateral banks to sectors that mitigate 
climate change impacts. Among the products offered are the Green 
Businessperson Plan, the Green Onlending, the Reserva Legal+ (Rural 
Product Note (CPR) Legal Reserve+), in addition to credit lines with a positive 
impact. These operations are detailed in our ESG report.
 • Support for our clients’ decarbonization journey.
 • Increased revenues from the search for lower emissions products 
and services. 
 • Increased revenues from new adaptive solutions (e.g. insurance risk 
transfer products and services).
 • Better competitive positioning to reflect changes in consumers’ 
preferences, leading to higher revenues.
Carrying out ESG-
linked transactions.
We structure ESG-linked loan operations, including those with a green, 
social, sustainable, transition seal or linked to sustainability targets. These 
operations can directly or indirectly contribute to climate transition. To 
learn more about our transactions involving ESG debt securities, access 
our ESG report.
 • Client engagement on ESG and climate agendas.
 • Contribution to local and global market growth with ESG-
linked transactions.
 • Setting of targets and indicators for monitoring and evolution of 
client maturity.
 • Better competitive position in climate transition.
Products 
and Services
Investments in research 
and development.
Boston Consulting Group (BCG) was hired to support the definition of the 
decarbonization pathway. 
Invest in R&D with a climate focus through specific actions, such as the 
support to FGV’s Bioeconomy Observatory and Amazon Journey, with 
Fundação Certi. We also support a study focused on the carbon market 
along with ICC.
 • Participation in new markets and support for innovation.
 • Increased resilience of our business.
 • Access to climate change knowledge.
23 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Opportunity 
category Actions adopted Justification Expected impact
Products 
and Services
Creation of Cubo ESG with 
a focus on innovation for 
decarbonization.
Support our clients’ decarbonization journey, connecting them to startups 
with solutions for their main challenges, working on three main focal points: 
i) Net Zero knowledge and innovation; ii) Net Zero solution connections; iii) 
positioning and communication. At the end of 2022, the hub already had 28 
startups with different focus on the ESG and Net Zero universe.
 • Support for our clients’ decarbonization journey.
 • Innovation solutions focused on Net Zero.
 • Clients’ and partners’ engagement in the Net Zero journey.
 • Access to new markets and climate change knowledge.
Market 
positioning
Participation in sector 
associations with a climate 
focus within the scope of 
Febraban, CEBDS, UNEP-FI, 
Global Compact and ICC.
Industry partnerships promote substantial improvements in our climate 
strategy as a result of exchanging knowledge, benchmarking and developed 
methodologies, also helping to build our strategy resilience. 
 • Industry engagement in the decarbonization journey.
 • Itaú’s positioning in climate transition.
 • Ongoing improvement of our climate management practices.
Market 
Support our clients’ 
decarbonization journey 
through the ESG Journey.
Support our clients’ decarbonization journey through thematic events and 
an ESG assessment focused on identifying decarbonization challenges of our 
priority sector clients.
 • Getting to know our clients’ main decarbonization challenges and 
opportunities.
 • Engagement of clients, startups and industry in the 
decarbonization journey.
Products 
and Services
Participation in the CarbonPlace 
creation process.
We have teamed up with other international banks to create CarbonPlace, with 
the purpose of widen our clients’ access to carbon credits. This platform has 
already been approved by regulatory bodies and is being currently structured. 
 • Participation in the carbon market.
 • Supporting our clients’ offset challenges by offering high integrity 
carbon credits.
Products 
and Services
Fostering finance sectors with a 
positive impact.
We will allocate R$400 billion to positive impact sectors by 2025, helping 
change the profile of our portfolio and financed emissions. Further 
information on the progress of this target is provided in our ESG report. 
 • Increased revenues from the search for lower emissions products 
and services. 
 • Better competitive positioning to reflect changes in consumers’ 
preferences, leading to higher revenues.
Resilience
Improved climate 
risk and opportunity 
management processes.
Ongoing improvement of climate risk and opportunity management processes 
based on best practices and reference frameworks.
 • Greater resilience of our operations.
 • Climate issues integration into our risk and opportunity governance and 
management processes.
Resilience
Assessment of the exposure of 
branches to flooding risks.
We assess the exposure of branches to flooding risks arising from climate 
change. The study supports the actions adopted to adapt and improve the 
bank's resilience to this type of event.
 • Greater resilience of our operations to the physical risks arising from 
climate change.
Plano Amazônia (Amazon plan).
Launched in 2020 in partnership with two other large Brazilian private banks, 
it aims at bringing sustainable development to the region, prioritizing: i) the 
meat processing and tackling deforestation; ii) bioeconomy and sustainable 
cultures. The Amazon plays a crucial role in the global climate regulation and 
is an integral part of our biodiversity strategy. Further information about this 
initiative is included in our ESG report.
 • Increased resilience of our business.
 • Work on the biodiversity agenda.
 • Access to new markets.
 • Support for the sustainable development of the Amazon, with a crucial 
role in the decarbonization agenda.
Setting decarbonization targets 
and alignment with Net Zero.
Joining the NZBA and setting a Net Zero target, ensuring greater alignment 
of our activities with the Paris Agreement and the decarbonization journey of 
the global economy, with a direct positive impact on our business resilience.
 • Institutional positioning.
 • Access to new markets.
 • Support for our clients’ decarbonization journey.
 • Greater resilience of our commercial strategy with alignment with the 
Paris Agreement.    
24 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
how we implement our climate strategy 
Engagement of stakeholders
We engage our stakeholders in the 
transition by means of assessments, 
communications, tools, questionnaires 
and meetings  
Partnerships with our stakeholders are 
essential for us to evolve in the agenda of 
mitigation of and adjustment to climate 
change. We engage with our clients in 
many topics related to the ESG and climate 
agenda by means of different processes of 
analysis of environmental, social and climate, 
commercial strategy, structuring of ESG 
Bonds and relationship with investees, in 
addition to other actions, according to the 
needs and opportunities.
Key engagement initiatives
We describe below the main initiatives adopted for the implementation of our climate strategy. 
clients 
ESG classification of clients
461 engagement meetings
6 training events
Advisory services for the 
origination of 
ESG Operations
Content on climate change
startups 
Launch of Cubo ESG, a hub 
to connect startups with the 
challenges of the bank and 
our clients. It currently has 28 
startups.
We also carried out 4 meetups 
on the challenges of the 
Steel and Iron, Oil and Gas, 
Agriculture and Energy sectors
public authorities 
Joint work with associations 
and representation entities 
with the Executive, Legislative 
and Judiciary branches.
associations
 
Work in thematic forums such 
as Global Compact, CEBDS, 
Brazilian Coalition on Climate
Work in sector forums: 
Febraban, UNEP FI, NZBA, 
GFANZ, Amazon Plan
employees
Training of employees on the 
topics related to the climate 
agenda.
suppliers 
Organization of workshops for 
the engagement of suppliers 
on ESG practices
Encouragement to fill 
out the CDP Supply Chain 
questionnaire
Assessment of active suppliers 
by means of questionnaires on 
ESG and climate practices
25 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Clients
In 2022, we held 461 engagement meetings and 6 
training events for our Itaú BBA clients.  We also 
prepared a monthly communication with market data 
and relevant news related to environmental, social and 
climate issues, presenting information that can potentially 
impact our clients. 
We have a team dedicated to assisting clients and originating 
ESG operations. In 2022, Itaú distinguished itself, in 
both the local and foreign markets.  We are at the top of 
the ranking of participation in emissions in both markets, 
case study: engagement of investees – mining 
sector 
In 2019, Itaú Asset started an ESG engagement 
process leading a group of more than 100 investors 
with a company from the mining sector, with a focus 
on risk management, ESG and climate opportunities 
and sustainable performance.  In total, there were 
more than 10 talks and interactions over the course 
of three years to address topics such as health and 
security, relations with communities, environmental, 
social and climate impacts, ESG practices. This 
process is still in progress and the company 
has been presenting changes in its practices, 
commitments to improve its internal processes and 
greater transparency in reporting to investors and 
the community.
showing the preference of companies to have us as their 
advisors in financial operations related to the ESG topics.  
Itaú Private Bank has also been carrying out many actions to 
engage high-income clients. In 2022, we carried out events 
to disseminate knowledge regarding the ESG and climate 
topic, such as debates between consulting firms and clients 
at Family Wealth Across Generation (FWAG), an event that 
is carried out with our clients who are in the position of 
“successors”. We expanded our communication channel with 
clients through the forwarding of communications on ESG 
and climate products, offering to our clients from the Private 
segment funds in Brazil and offshore products available 
on our shelf and we provided a digital guide to demystify 
concepts on the topic in investments. 
In 2022, we carried out events focused on the challenges of 
decarbonization of relevant industries, such as Agriculture, 
Oil and Gas and Energy at Cubo ESG, as described below.
26 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Client assessment tool
We designated a multidisciplinary team for the development 
of a proprietary tool to support the process of assessment 
of the ESG and climate maturity of our clients. The 
development of the platform and an ESG classification 
integrates data on the maturity of our clients with respect 
to ESG factors, the priority Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs) according to our analysis, material topics, governance 
and climate factors, such as the measurement of greenhouse 
gas emissions and the existence of targets, to generate the 
most complete diagnosis possible of our clients’ strategy. 
This tool supports not only the understanding of the 
timing of each client on the topic, the management of the 
relationship of the bank with them and the structuring of 
financial transactions, but also the alignment of our ESG and 
climate strategy with the sustainability and transition efforts 
of our clients and it is used by the business area and the risk, 
credit and finance departments. 
Of the clients assessed:
 • 26 (9.2%) did not disclose their greenhouse gas 
emissions, that is, they were clients that needed to begin 
their decarbonization journey 
 • 256 (90.8%) measured and publicly disclosed their 
greenhouse gas emissions
 • 170 (60.3%) had emission reduction targets at least for 
their direct emissions
 • 122 (43.3%) had a Net Zero or climate 
neutrality commitment 
We also adopted other initiatives to monitor and support 
the decarbonization journey of our clients. In 2022, during 
COP27, in partnership with the Brazilian Business Council 
for Sustainable Development (CEBDS), we participated in 
the launch of the Brazilian version of a platform aimed 
at understanding the main decarbonization challenges 
of Brazilian companies and at supporting them in the 
incorporation of climate change criteria into their 
strategies by means of the provision of decarbonization 
tools and guides that are appropriate to the reality of the 
Brazilian economy. 
Identification of the climate targets of our clients
In 2022, we assessed the climate targets of 282 
companies that are Itaú BBA clients, which represented 
28% of the portfolio of this segment and 21% of our 
financed emissions at the end of 2021. We identified that the 
companies were in different stages of maturity regarding 
decarbonization.
The survey shows the evolution of the topic in the local 
market and allowed us to identify priority clients for 
engagement in initiatives such as Cubo ESG and the 
monitoring of the maturity of clients with respect to the 
climate change topic.
26  
Measures 
emissions
256  
112
Has a 
reduction 
target
160
Has a Net Zero 
commitment
170
122Yes
No
Climate targets of Itaú BBA clients
27 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Support for innovation and decarbonization by 
means of Cubo ESG 
Recognizing that the innovation agenda is essential for our 
decarbonization and the decarbonization of our clients, 
we launched in 2022 Cubo ESG, a platform aimed at 
entrepreneurs who wish to transform the environmental 
and social reality of Brazil and Latin America. The hub 
works for the purpose of generating knowledge, innovation 
and connections for low-carbon solutions, in addition to 
positioning and communication. Among the main results of 
the hub in its launch year are:
 • 28 startups participating in the ESG hub at 
the end of 2022
 • Organization of the BID ao Cubo Bioeconomia (IDB at 
Cubo Bioeconomy) in partnership with the Inter-American 
Development Bank (IDB) for the purpose of accelerating 
startups focused on bioeconomy in the Northern and 
Northeastern regions of Brazil
 • Organization of four sector MeetUps focused on 
the Agriculture, Energy, Oil and Gas and Steel and 
Iron industries.
Agriculture MeetUp 
The event had the participation of representatives from the industry, Itaú Unibanco and the startups and discussed the main decarbonization challenges in the sector, in 
addition to the ESG topics in general, such as the challenge of supply chain management, measurement of greenhouse gas emissions and generation of high-integrity carbon 
credits.  The video of the event is available here and the content prepared based on the discussions was made available on Blog do Cubo (Cubo’s Blog).
Oil and Gas MeetUp 
The second sector event organized by Cubo ESG discussed the decarbonization challenges in the Oil and Gas chain, including the challenges of reducing greenhouse gas 
emissions and capturing carbon. The video of the event is available here and the technical content is available on Blog do Cubo (Cubo’s Blog).
Energy MeetUp
Organized after COP27, it presented an overview of the main results of the event and discussed important challenges and innovations for the industry, such as the greater 
offer of renewable energy and the possible solutions brought by the increase in the use of green hydrogen. The video of the event is available here and the technical content 
is available on Blog do Cubo (Cubo’s Blog).
Steel and Iron MeetUp
The event discussed the main challenges for the decarbonization of the sector that plays a crucial role in the Net Zero agenda by meeting the demand for more sustainable 
materials and the specific challenges of Brazil, such as the importance of a regulated carbon market.  The technical content is available on Blog do Cubo (Cubo’s Blog).
Over the course of 2023, Cubo ESG will also have the ESG Journey, which is aimed at identifying the main decarbonization challenges and opportunities of our clients and connecting them to 
the hub’s startups.  Among the activities expected are the organization of thematic events and the assessment of up to 100 Brazilian corporations by means of surveys and in-depth interviews. 
28 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Associations
We participate in forums such as the Brazilian 
Business Council for Sustainable Development 
(CEBDS), the Global Compact, the International 
Chamber of Commerce, the Brazilian Coalition 
on Climate, Forests and Agriculture and the 
Commitment to Climate and we engage in 
dialogue with the many industries of the real 
economy, contributing to the dissemination of 
knowledge and cooperating with the different 
decarbonization challenges.  The participation 
in these forums has been providing us with 
a broader knowledge of the decarbonization 
challenges of our clients.
We also participate in specific forums of the 
financial industry, such as the Brazilian Federation 
of Banks (FEBRABAN), the United Nations 
Environmental Programme Finance Initiative 
(UNEP-FI), the Net-Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA), 
the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero 
(GFANZ) and the Amazon Plan, which enable the 
exchange of knowledge and progress in initiatives 
that increase the role of the financial system in 
the decarbonization agenda.  As an example, our 
participation in the Working Group of UNEP-FI 
has allowed for the construction of a broad base 
of knowledge with respect to the implementation 
of the Task-Force on Climate-Related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) in financial institutions from 
all over the world. The content is available on the 
UNEP-FI website. 
Public Authorities 
A significant part of the decarbonization 
agenda depends on the formulation of public 
policies. For this reason, we have an active 
advocacy strategy to encourage the 
promotion of knowledge and actions for the 
decarbonization of the real economy, just like 
our work with the Executive, Legislative and 
Judiciary branches, together with many relevant 
market players, associations and representation 
entities, for the alignment of understandings 
and the submission of recommendations on bills 
that are pending in the National Congress on 
the ESG and climate topics, such as the case of 
carbon market regulation. Regarding the records 
of interactions with public agents, we identified 
9 agendas related to bills involving carbon credit 
regulation (here under the financial product 
impact bias). 
Suppliers
For the purpose of working on all links of the 
chain, we also promote engagement with our 
supply chain by means of a questionnaire to 
qualify the practices adopted with respect 
to environmental, social and climate topics 
and also carry out a workshop for active 
suppliers and the office responsible for this 
relationship. Together with CDP , we provide 
specific training on disclosure of emissions 
data for suppliers taking into consideration 
the industries in which they operate and the 
volume of their contracts.
29 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Business: Reduce impacts and generate 
opportunities 
In our climate strategy, we also carry out the management of 
the loan portfolio, which is intended to promote low-carbon 
business and ensure the creation of sustainable value.  The 
direction of the portfolio takes into consideration the 
diversification of risks and the efficient use of the 
balance, in line with our decarbonization objectives 
and targets, which are monitored with diligence 
and transparency.
NBZA recommends that, 18 months after the adherence to 
the commitment, the banks should disclose their first sector 
emission reduction targets. We chose to begin this journey 
with the Power Generation and Thermal Coal industries. 
Since 2022 credit operations for Oil & Gas in the Arctic and in 
tar sands are prohibited*.
As recommended by NZBA, we will have the challenge 
of defining and publishing intermediary targets for the 
other priority industries in the coming months, as well as 
the respective transition plans. The major goal is to reach 
Net Zero by 2050 with a trajectory that is in line with the 
Paris Agreement.
Definition of the 
baseline of the sector 
decarbonization 
targets 
We will align our 
strategy with the:
 •  Reduction of 63% in the 
intensity of emissions 
from the power 
generation portfolio 
by 2030, reaching 
Net Zero by 2040.
 •    Phase-out of the 
Thermal Coal 
sector by 2030.
By promoting the transition of our business, we create opportunities and reduce 
the impact of climate change on our portfolio and society.
We incorporate climate change as a central element of the 
business strategy, always focused on supporting the climate 
transition of our clients. We established our first sector 
emission reduction targets, with structured timeframes, 
while monitoring and listening to clients and companies 
from the priority industries. The plan will be reviewed 
periodically to incorporate the evolution of the knowledge of 
climate change, always in line with science. 
Our climate transition plan is based on the essential tripod 
of support for innovation, direction of the loan portfolio 
and engagement of clients, observing the technological and 
economic momentum of each sector and geographic region. 
The definition of any target necessarily goes through the 
knowledge of the baseline of the GHG emissions. Since 2021, 
we have been reporting our financed emissions and the 
results of which are presented in the Metrics and Targets 
section of this report.
*Applicable to Infrastructue Finance and Project Finance - no new projects or expansion of existing projects for unconventional Oil & Gas in the Arctic and in Tar Sands. 
30 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Definition of the baseline of our financed emissions
In the process of defining the baseline and our sector emission reduction targets, we carry out a coordinated effort with the participation of experts from the different structures of the 
organization with the support of the consulting firm BCG. 
Application of the PCAF methodology
The Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials 
(PCAF) applies the attribution principle used by the 
GHG Protocol in which the financed emissions are 
calculated based on the attribution factor - ratio of the 
financed or invested amount and the economic value 
of the financed company or activity. In our calculation 
process, we always seek the best data available, as 
recommended by the methodology.
In the process of defining the baseline of emissions, a 
number of methodological decisions are made, which 
can impact the results determined. Accordingly, it is 
recommended that, when assessing the data disclosed, 
the methodological differences applied by different 
organizations when preparing the calculation must 
also be observed.
Baseline
Financed Emissions Calculation 
Priority sectors indicated by NZBA.
Sector decarbonization targets
First publication: power and coal.
Sector decarbonization plans
Opportunities, challenges, technologies, 
products and services to support clients in 
climate transition.
Coverage
In the current year, we are considering the loan and 
marketable security portfolios of our Wholesale 
bank. For all sectors, we assessed the emissions 
associated with each client’s own operation and 
consumption of energy (scopes 1 and 2) and, for 
the sectors in which the indirect emissions (scope 3) 
are material and available, they were also accounted 
for. This process will be continuously improved as 
the quality and availability of information increase. 
For the Power Generation sector the scope 1 of 
clients’ emissions was considered for the purpose 
of establishing the sector target, following the 
market practices.
Use of scenarios and definition of targets
As recommended by NBZA, we use scientific 
scenarios that are in line with the Paris Agreement, 
which take into consideration a limit for the increase 
of temperature at 1.5oC with Net Zero by 2050, with 
no overshooting or limited overshooting.
For the power generation sector, we established a 
reduction target based on the intensity of emissions 
– greenhouse gas emissions per kWh, since the 
decarbonization efforts imply the electrification of 
energy consumption and the expansion of the offer 
of renewable energy. Meanwhile, for the thermal 
coal sector, we chose to adopt a target for phasing 
out the sector. 
co²
31 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Decarbonization of the Power Generation 
portfolio
The electricity sector is an essential economic and 
social development inducer for the growth of GDP 
and improvement of people’s quality of life. The 
power generated by renewable energy sources, such as 
hydroelectricity, solar, wind, biomass, among others, is also 
essential for sustainable development. 
Concerns about energy security and climate change have 
been making governments establish energy policies that 
promote energy efficiency and the diversification of 
the matrix with a greater share of renewable sources in 
power generation as solutions to mitigate greenhouse 
gas emissions. 
For example, in accordance with the National Energy 
Balance 2022, wind and solar mills grew 21.2% and 40.9% 
in the 2021-2020 comparison, which represents 11.4% 
and 2.5% of the installed capacity, respectively. If we 
include hydroelectric, biomass and Small Hydroelectric 
Plant (PCHs) sources, 82% of the Brazilian energy matrix 
consists of renewable energy, placing Brazil in a privileged 
position in the decarbonization of this sector. This gives 
Brazil the opportunity to be one of the first countries in the 
world to have an energy matrix with zero greenhouse gas 
net emissions.  
As the bank of the transition, we prioritize power 
generation for the establishment of the first sector 
decarbonization target. The activity is relevant for 
our portfolio – R$60 billion when including exposure in 
all activities related to the power generation sector and 
R$ 28 billion of exposure in power generation, the focus 
of the target – and it is critical for the decarbonization 
of the economy as a whole, since the use of renewable 
energy sources is a key step towards the decarbonization 
of other sectors of the economy, such as transport and 
manufacturing. Additionally, there is the expectation 
of growth in the global electric energy demand in the 
coming years. In Brazil, an average growth of 3% per year is 
expected, according to the National Energy Plan (PNE) 2050. 
By supporting the decarbonization of this activity, we are 
also contributing to the decarbonization of the scope 2 of 
our entire client portfolio.
Based on the Net Zero Scenario by 2050 of the 
International Energy Agency (IEA), in line with the Paris 
Agreement, we defined a reduction target of 63% of 
financed greenhouse gas emissions intensity for the power 
generation sector. The scenario takes into consideration 
the efforts necessary to maintain the increase of the global 
temperature by 1.5oC and leads the sector to Net Zero in 
2040. Once this target is reached, the intensity of emissions 
from our portfolio will drop from 103 gCO₂e/kWh in 2021 
to 38 gCO₂e/kWh in 2030. The target includes exposure in 
Corporate Finance and Project Finance that provide for a 
financed emissions calculation methodology both in Brazil 
and in the international units in which we operate.
Financed emissions intensity target
Sector Power Generation
Scenario IEA Net Zero
Coverage of emissions Scope 1
2021 baseline 103 gCO2e/kWh
2030 emissions target 38 gCO2e/kWh
Reduction % (2030) 63%
2040 emissions target 0 gCO2e/kWh
Reduction % (2040) 100%
32 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Definition of the baseline
As mentioned before, we adopt robust criteria for defining 
our emissions baseline. Based on the measurement of 
financed emissions, we identified the energy generation 
companies in our client portfolio and use the energy 
generation (MWh) and GHG emissions (tCO₂e) data of each 
customer individually.
The baseline presents a PCAF score of 2.47 . We also opted 
for a conservative approach in the calculation of financed 
emissions, using the sum of equity and banking liabilities 
of the companies in the calculation of the Enterprise Value 
Including Cash (EVIC), which makes the amount less subject 
to market fluctuations and avoids the inclusion of volatility 
of external factors in the calculation of financed emissions. 
Taking into consideration that methodological approaches 
may be adopted in the calculation of the baseline and 
definition of decarbonization targets, we reinforce that 
the disclosures from different financial institutions are 
not directly comparable and, if they are made, they must 
consider the differences of methodology and scope of the 
data disclosed.
Implementation of the target
To make the achievement of this reduction viable, the 
clients in our energy portfolio must be committed to the 
transition to a low-carbon economy. By means of financial 
instruments and products that finance the transition 
and increase the participation of renewable energy, we 
support these clients in their decarbonization trajectory 
that is in line with the Paris Agreement.
Our challenge is to engage the clients that still use sources 
with higher GHG emissions intensity for the generation of 
electric energy and that currently concentrate most of the 
emissions from our power generation portfolio. Another 
challenge, as a bank with international operations, is to 
ensure that the climate transition takes place quickly and 
equally in the regions where we operate, observing any legal 
barriers and the principles of fair climate transition and 
integrity of information. 
This target will be reviewed every five years, in line with 
the recommendations of NZBA, and our progress will be 
reported each year.
7 The PCAF score ranges from 1 to 5. The closer the score to 1, the better the quality of the date reported. Public emissions inventory data, for example, in sustainability reports and in the Carbon 
Disclosure Project (CDP) were adopted on a preferential basis – PCAF score of 1. When it was not possible to access emissions that were directly reported by companies, we chose to calculate 
estimated emission data based on (i) production date – supplied by companies or based on production information, and (ii) average emissions factor – PCAF score 2.
33 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Decarbonization of the Thermal Coal 
portfolio
In line with the scientific scenario of IPCC for the 
maintenance of the increase of the Earth’s temperature by 
up to 1.5oC, we recognize energy transition from fossil 
fuel to renewable energy and low emission sources as 
crucial for mitigating climate change. The demand for 
mineral coal grew 1.2% in the world in 2022 in accordance 
with the International Energy Agency (IEA), exceeding 8 
billion metric tons, and most of this demand is used for the 
generation of thermoelectric energy.  According to IEA, coal 
represented around 36% of the power generation in the 
world in 2021.
The main impact of the mineral coal with respect to other 
types of fossil fuel is the amount of greenhouse gases are 
emitted for the generation of the same amount of electricity. 
Whereas coal emits 270.9 tCO₂e/TJ for the power generation, 
fuel oil emits 203.6 tCO₂e/TJ, diesel oil emits 194.9 tCO₂e/
TJ and the natural gas emits 124.6 tCO₂e/TJ, respectively, in 
accordance with the Energy Decennial Plan (PDE) 2030. 
The Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ) indicates 
that phasing out highly carbon-intensive activities, such as 
the case of thermal coal energy generation, is necessary for 
the acceleration of the climate transition.  In this scenario, 
Brazil, in turn, distinguishes itself in terms of energy 
generation, with a matrix composed mainly of renewable 
sources.  In Brazil, according to the National Energy 
Balance (BEN) 2022, the installed capacity of this source 
is of only 1.7%, although in Latin America this percentage 
grows to 5.1%.
As a Brazilian bank with a strong operation in Latin 
America and global presence, we recognize our potential to 
encourage the energy transition and the use of renewable 
energy in replacement of coal.  As a result, in 2023, we 
reviewed our commitment to promote the phase-out of 
thermal coal by 2030 and made it more ambitious. We 
understand that, although it encourages the transition 
to cleaner energy sources, the phase-out of carbon-
intensive activities must be conducted in a responsible 
manner so as to avoid undesired environmental, social or 
climate consequences.  For this reason, we are committed 
to a gradual phase-out, contributing, most of all, to the 
achievement of a low-carbon economy.  
The restrictions, declared in our commitment, respect 
the legal impositions that exist or come to exist in the 
regions where we operate and apply, initially, to thermal 
coal, that is, assets or projects of coal-fired thermal power 
plants or projects of mineral coal extraction and dedicated 
infrastructure. The restriction applies to:
1. Direct financing and refinancing, for example, by 
means of operations such as Infrastructure Finance or 
Project Finance 
2. Credit lines and financing
3. Investment Banking Services
4. Investments via proprietary treasury or quasi-equity
34 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
 
Restrictions apply to:  
 
1. Direct financing and refinancing, for example, by means of operations such as Infrastructure Finance or Project Finance 
2. Credit lines and financing 
3. Investment Banking Services (for instance: Underwriting Fixed Income Product Activities; initial public offers, etc)
4. Investments via proprietary treasury or quasi-equity 
Assets, economic groups or companies Commercial Relation with Itaú
2023 2030
Relative Threshold Absolute Threshold Relative Threshold Absolute Threshold
Coal-Fired Thermal Power Plants
Project Finance 0 0 0 0
Groups increasing their dependence on Coal 0 0 0 0
Current clients 15% revenue 1,000 MW 0 0
New clients 10% revenue 1,000 MW 0 0
Coal Mining and Dedicated Infrastructure
Project Finance 0 0 0 0
Groups increasing their dependence on Coal 0 0 0 0
Current clients 15% revenue 10 million tonnes 0 0
New clients 10% revenue 10 million tonnes 0 0
 
 
• The relative threshold refers to the maximum percentage of the client’s revenue from Coal-fired Power Plants or Coal Mining and Dedicated Infrastructure
• The absolute threshold refers to the maximum installed capacity of Coal-fired Power Plants or the maximum extraction of Mineral Coal
• The thresholds for existing customers apply to credit lines and financing, investment banking services and investments via proprietary treasury or quasi-equity. For Project Finance and Infrastructure Finance the limit is 0, i.e. no new operations are allowed, the same 
for those clients who are increasing their dependence on Coal.
35 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Restriction for thermal coal
We will not perform any investment banking services or 
financial operations directly aimed at thermal coal energy 
generation assets and at economic groups or companies 
that have, in July 2023, more than 15% of their revenue 
arising from thermal coal energy generation or whose 
installed capacity in thermal coal energy generation exceeds 
1,000 MW. In 2030, the restriction will be extended to 
economic groups and companies that have any percentage 
of their revenue arising from thermal coal energy generation.
In the case of prospective economic groups, that is, potential 
clients, the beginning of a relationship will not be accepted 
when a dependence of revenue higher than 10% arising 
from thermal coal energy generation or from the installed 
capacity higher than 1,000 MW is verified. 
Additionally, the restrictions also apply to any assets, 
economic groups and companies that are expanding their 
thermal coal energy generation activity. 
Restriction for coal mining and dedicated 
infrastructure
The restrictions apply directly to mineral coal extraction 
assets (coal mining) and dedicated infrastructure and 
to economic groups and companies that have in 2023, 
more than 15% of their revenue arising from coal mining 
or dedicated infrastructure or whose annual mineral coal 
extraction exceeds 10 million metric tons. In 2030, the 
restrictions will be extended to economic groups and 
companies that have any percentage of their revenue arising 
from these activities, that is, the limit of annual mineral coal 
extraction will be zero. 
In the case of prospective economic groups, that is, potential 
clients, the beginning of a relationship will not be accepted 
when a dependence of revenue higher than 10% arising from 
coal mining or dedicated infrastructure or the annual mineral 
coal extraction exceeds 10 million tons is verified.
Additionally, the restrictions also apply to any economic 
groups and companies that are expanding their coal mining 
activities or dedicated infrastructure, regardless of the share 
of their revenue.
Operations that promote the managed 
phase-out of coal
To reduce HGH emissions and reach Net Zero in 2050, highly 
carbon-intensive assets – such as the case of thermal 
coal assets – must go through a transition to less carbon-
intensive sources and may, in some cases, involve an early 
retirement process, that is, the end of the operation before 
reaching its useful life. Some of these assets may also be 
impaired, whether due to change on the demand side or to 
regulations that change the scenario of operation of that 
asset as a result of the energy transition.
If, on one hand, the phase-out of coal operations is expected 
to increase the use of renewable types of energy, on the 
other hand, there may be undesired consequences if the 
assets are transferred to the control of agents with ESG 
and climate management capacity lower than the previous 
owners or who do not promote their decommissioning or 
the transition to assets that are more in line with a Net Zero 
scenario.   More important than the transfer of ownership is 
to ensure that carbon-intensive assets go through a proper 
transition or, when applicable, decommissioning, a process 
that must be carried out on an orderly basis and in line with 
the principles of a fair transition.
Accordingly, we understand that the operations that promote 
the phase-out of carbon-intensive assets may be important, 
provided that it is associated with the engagement 
with companies and the adoption of conditions that are 
contractually defined that provide for the decommissioning 
of coal assets before 2030 and associated with the adoption 
of good environmental, social and climate practices. 
The bank will finance and provide services to current 
and future clients in their initiatives that result in the 
decarbonization of their head offices. The goal is never 
to not support any client but to support them in their 
journey to reduce emissions.
For the purpose of impacting the real economy and following 
good international practices, at this time, the following 
are exceptions to the rule: (i) specific contracts of coal 
supply to steel and iron plants; (ii) specific operations with 
a contractually defined allocation of funds to promote 
the energy transition, provided that the progress and 
achievement of the transition goals are verified; (iii) 
operations that help promote the managed phase-out of 
assets related to mineral coal provided that the criteria 
established by GFANZ are met.
Engagement and transparency
In order to implement this measure, we will train our 
employees and promote the engagement of the clients 
that operate in the affected activities so as to promote 
the transition to less carbon-intensive activities, in 
particular to renewable types of energy with a low 
emission profile. The engagement of our clients may 
take place in different manners, including by means of the 
performance of financial operations or offer of investment 
banking services whose targets for the progress and 
accomplishment of the transition must be monitored. If the 
client does not reach the limits defined by 2030 or reduces 
their exposure to zero that year, the consequence will be the 
non-performance of new operations due to non-compliance 
with our phase-out policy. 
36 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Our approach to the decarbonization of 
agribusiness
Agribusiness is a key sector for reaching the greenhouse 
gas emission reduction targets in the Brazilian context. 
It is the second largest sector in our portfolio in exposure 
and it is likely to grow in the coming years. Due to its 
relevance also in financed emissions, agribusiness was 
one of the sectors earmarked as a priority for an in-depth 
study and for the definition and implementation of our 
decarbonization strategy.
With the support of the consulting firm BCG, in August 
2022 we started our journey towards the structuring of the 
data necessary for the construction and refinement of the 
baseline of agribusiness’s emissions, as well as the definition 
of the science-based decarbonization scenario that is 
appropriate for the reality of Brazilian farming.
In this journey, some progress has already been made. 
Changes in the form of classification of our clients and 
attribution of specific emission factors by culture were 
methodological improvements that have already provided us 
with a clearer assessment of the financed emissions in the 
sector. However, for the definition of a responsible target 
and a proper decarbonization strategy, we believe that some 
advances are still necessary, such as:
 • he access to data that we do not have yet or that we have 
on a non-structured basis with respect to the practices 
adopted in the production systems of our clients, which 
would allow us to calculate carbon removals; 
 • the identification of the climate scenario that is 
most adherent to the characteristics of the Brazilian 
production systems; and 
 • the knowledge of emissions arising from the change 
in land use. The calculation methodologies recognized 
by science are still recent and there are few practical 
applications to be used as a benchmark for our exercise.
Regardless of the definition and publication of our target 
for agribusiness, we see great opportunities in the provision 
of solutions developed in partnership with our clients and 
that help them in the transition to a low-carbon emission 
farming activity. Promoting this transition is the central 
piece of our strategy to grow in the sector. We believe 
that the reduction of GHG emissions linked to agribusiness 
does not interfere with the expansion of its activities. On 
the contrary, the subsegments that account for most part 
of the emissions from agribusiness – livestock activity and 
managed soil – benefit particularly from an expressive 
increase of production and resilience when Low-Carbon 
Agriculture (LCA) practices are adopted. Practices such as 
the recovery of degraded pastures or the conversion of 
these areas to crops not only reduce carbon emissions but 
also significantly contribute to reduce the pressure for the 
opening of new areas. Also aware that the change in land 
use is the activity that accounts for almost half of Brazilian 
emissions, we believe that compliance with environmental 
legislation together with the fostering of practices that 
reduce emissions from the activities at the same time as they 
increase the production capacity of areas that have already 
been consolidated is an intelligent strategy that contributes 
to the sustainable development of agribusiness. 
As a partner of clients in the transition to a low-carbon 
economy, we work on this strategy by offering them a 
structure dedicated to the development of “green” credit 
lines for financing decarbonization initiatives in the 
agribusiness and other ESG initiatives. In partnership with 
the Institute of Forest and Agricultural Management and 
Certification (Imaflora), we defined five priority topics for the 
creation of these lines – low-carbon agriculture, biodiversity, 
animal welfare, water resources and energy.  In addition 
to the creation of products that take into consideration 
sustainability aspects in their structure, Itaú BBA’s ESG 
strategy for agribusiness also includes support for programs 
that foster the adoption of good production practices that 
contribute to the sustainable development of the sector.  
Over the course of 2023, we will continue on our journey 
to classify data for refining the baseline and defining the 
decarbonization target and we will maintain the strategy 
that has been already adopted of growth in agribusiness, 
seeking to offer products aimed at the adoption of good 
low-carbon emission practices in agricultural and livestock 
activities and support programs that provide scale for the 
adoption of these practices by rural producers. 
37 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Alliances for the promotion of low-carbon emission practices in agriculture
Part of our strategy to generate a positive impact and effectively contribute to the sustainable development of agribusiness is to establish partnerships and support programs that can 
provide scale for the adoption of good production practices. Some partnerships established by the bank have been proving to be potential catalyzers for the reduction of financed emissions. 
Two relevant alliances in this respect are the programs Reverte (Reverse), in partnership with Syngenta and TNC, and Pro Carbono (Pro Carbon) of Bayer. The bank’s work in each program is 
different but in both the final goal is to encourage and strengthen initiatives that promote the engagement of rural producers in less emission-intensive production models. 
Pro Carbono (Pro Carbon) program
We support Bayer in the development of the Pro Carbono (Pro Carbon) program. as part of Bayer’s global 
strategy for its climate targets, the program encourages the adoption of sustainable practices in Brazilian rural 
areas and encourages the creation of economically attractive models for carbon sequestration. The producers 
engaged in the program test the adoption of a package of production techniques that tend to increase 
the retention of carbon in the soil and, as a result, reduce the system’s emissions. These producers access 
advantageous commercial conditions with both the bank and other partners of the program. The initiative also 
has the partnership of research institutions such as Brazilian Agricultural Research Corporation (Embrapa) and 
some universities for facing challenges such as the technical and scientific barriers of carbon in agriculture, in 
particular the need to develop carbon measurement methodologies that are accessible, scalable, with viable 
costs and accepted by the foreign markets and the scientific community.
The Reverte (Reverse) program 
The Reverte (Reverse) program is an initiative of Syngenta and The Nature Conservancy (TNC) aimed at 
promoting, technically and financially, the conversion of degraded pasture areas into agriculturable areas 
in the Cerrado (Brazilian scrubland) region. This movement allows, in addition to the increase in production, 
the expansion of production areas without the need to open new areas.  The rural producers that join the 
program comply with environmental and social criteria defined by the TNC and receive technical guidance 
and technological solutions provided by Syngenta and partners for the implementation of the project of 
recovery and conversion of areas. We are partners in the Reverte (Reverse) program, providing exclusive 
financial solutions that are adequate to the rural producer’s need for the execution of the project.  To date, 
R$276 million that contributed to the conversion of 57,800 hectares of degraded pastures into crops has 
been disbursed. 
case studies 
38 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Climate finance
Climate products and services
As the transition bank, our ESG products and services of the retail, wholesale and investment segments positively contribute to the climate agenda. We underline below the main products and 
services that contribute to the agenda. The complete list of ESG products and services is available in our ESG Report or our  
Effectiveness Plan  for complying with the Environmental, Social and Climate Risk Policy (PRSAC). 
Financing in positive impact sectors
The definition of positive impact sectors took 
into consideration environmental, social, climate 
and governance criteria established by different 
national and international frameworks. Large 
groups of positive impact sectors were defined, 
such as:  
Renewable energy: Generation of energy from 
cleaner sources, such as solar, wind and small 
hydroelectric power plants; 
Agribusiness: Initiatives that promote the 
preservation of forest areas and good practices 
and investment in productivity, maintenance of 
biodiversity, the preservation of water resources 
and carbon inventory; 
Pulp and paper: Projects that contribute 
to climate mitigation, based on responsible 
management;  
Infrastructure works: Projects that increase 
the economic development and reduce 
environmental impact through rail transport, 
sanitation and solid waste management;  
Energy services: Initiatives that reduce the cost 
of access to energy, making this service more 
accessible across Brazil;
Health and education: Hospitals and 
laboratories that improve the quality of life, and 
educational institutions, which aim at population 
qualification and employability. 
ESG debt securities in the capital market
Structuring of issuances of ESG debt securities 
in local and foreign capital markets following 
the guidelines of the International Capital 
Market Association (ICMA) and best market 
practices, including Green, Social, Sustainable 
e Sustainability-linked Bonds operations with 
characteristics linked to sustainability targets, 
which contribute to the climate goals.
Green financial bills
Green financial bill operation, the funds of which 
will be used to support the financing of electric, 
hybrid and multifuel vehicles, aiming at 
fostering the low-carbon economy and boosting 
the segment of low emission vehicles in Brazil.  
We issued additional tranches to this operation 
with individual and corporate clients and fund 
managers, raising more R$500 million.
Green Entrepreneur Plan 
The plan encourages the financing of more 
sustainable real estate developments, 
commercial or residential, by means of 
differential conditions, which may include lower 
financing rates.  It provides technical solutions 
to adjust projects from client construction 
companies and real estate developers to more 
sustainable construction processes. The projects 
are periodically audited, aimed at ensuring their 
compliance to obtain the final certification, 
fostering a more sustainable market and 
technical training for real estate developers.
CPR (Rural Product Note) Legal Reserve +
It provides with differential rates agricultural 
producers who have preserved native vegetation 
area larger than required by legislation and who 
commit to not engage in deforestation of all 
their properties over the term of the operation.  
Eligibility and monitoring throughout the 
operation are checked out by remote sensing 
equipment. Monitoring also aims to ensure 
that funds are not used to clear new areas in 
other regions.
Wholesale 
39 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Agricultural insurance 100%
We sell Agricultural Insurance through partner insurance 
companies to protect the rural producer’s crops from planting to 
harvesting, against climate events covered, such as:  fire, wind, 
rainfall and temperature variations, among others. If the rural 
producer uses Precision Farming, through which the production 
system is carried out in a more sustainable way, such producer 
may be eligible for rate reductions.  
Investments
We operate through Itaú Asset in structuring ESG funds, 
including funds linked to water, clean energy and green 
economy. We also offer off-the-shelf products with positive 
contribution to the ESG and climate agendas, which include 
green fixed income operations or those issued by companies 
with good practices.
Financing of electric cars
We offer differential rates to finance electric cars, as a way of encouraging the 
client’s choice and reducing the generation of emissions.
Consortium for electric and hybrid vehicles
We made available a consortium for electric and hybrid vehicles to meet the 
different needs of our clients who wish to purchase this type of vehicle.
Solar panel financing
The product aims to facilitate the payment of solar panel installation, which may 
have a high initial cost, directly contributing to mitigate climate change.
Retail 
Investments
Insurance 
40 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Our work on the carbon market
In addition to the products already mentioned, we also have a history of work on and support to the structuring of the carbon market in Brazil, both from the standpoint of products and 
through advocacy, as detailed in the box below.
We have been operating in the voluntary carbon market for a long time 
We have operated in this market since 2017 when we started to offset our scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions by buying credits from the 
Climate Commitment Program. Launched in partnership with renowned institutions, the commitment was a pioneering initiative in 
Brazil, since it connects companies interested in offsetting their emissions with projects dedicated to generating carbon credits with 
social and environmental benefits. By supporting over 15 projects, the Climate Commitment records over 22,000 hectares of 
protected forest and 1 million MWh of renewable energy generated, which resulted in an impact of 1.4 million tCO₂e of emissions 
verified and 1,600 people trained.
In 2021, we created a business team specialized in ESG and climate issues, focused on offering climate solutions to our clients, and 
its strategy is supported by three key pillars:  (i) diagnosis; (ii) reduction and removal of emissions; and (iii) management of residual 
emissions.  We want to encourage our clients to increasingly invest in understanding their carbon footprint and identifying projects 
that may contribute to reduce and/or remove GHG emissions from their activities. In cases in which reducing and/or removing GHG 
emissions is still not possible, we encourage the company to invest in managing their emissions. With this goal in mind, we work 
on all fronts, under a one-stop-shop concept for carbon services, which ranges from origination of projects to their sale.  
In the origination side, our ESG Business team has the expertise to provide our clients with advisory services to identify both new 
projects that require financing for reduction and/or removal initiatives, and new carbon credit projects that may be developed and 
monetized. The team also works on structuring funds and other investment vehicles for carbon projects, allocating capital to this type 
of initiative.  We were the first Brazilian bank to provide advisory services in a merger and acquisition operation in the carbon market, 
as advisors of Carbonext in the sale of ownership interest to Shell. We were also innovative by investing, together with Suzano, Vale, 
Marfrig, Santander and Rabobank, in the creation of Biomas, a new company focused on forest conservation and restoration (for further 
information about Biomas, access our ESG Report).
In order to sell carbon credits in the voluntary market, we set out, in partnership with other international banks, the Carbon Place, a 
carbon credit marketplace, aimed to facilitate the access to the voluntary carbon market, promoting higher liquidity and transparency. 
The platform aims at eliminating some barriers, such as lack of transparency in relation to rates applied in the market and liquidity.  
Our strategy also includes supporting, in partnership with other market players, the public policies, governance and macroeconomic 
conditions that encourage the generation and trading of high integrity carbon credits in Brazil, positively exploiting the economic 
and environmental potential that this asset can bring to the country.  We make up the Carbon Market Squad of the Brazilian Federation 
of Banks (Febraban), the carbon working group of the Brazilian Association of Financial and Capital Markets Entities (ANBIMA) and the 
Brazilian Initiative to the Carbon Voluntary Market to support the development and structuring of this market and increase the Brazilian 
contribution to the world with high integrity credits.  
The carbon market represents an important opportunity to Brazil, which has the potential to generate high integrity credits that help 
achieve our climate targets.  
41 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Operations: Reduce impacts and create 
opportunities  
We started working on climate change in 2008, when 
we published our first GHG emissions inventory for our 
operations. Since then, we have adopted initiatives focused 
on minimizing the climate impact of our own operations and 
the impact of climate change on our own operations. 
With respect to eco efficiency, we manage our GHG 
emissions aimed at reducing and aligning them to the Net 
Zero strategy. Our inventory follows rigorous procedures 
to be prepared, includes scopes 1, 2 and 3 and is assessed 
by an independent third party expert and certified by the 
National Institute of Metrology, Quality and Technology 
(INMETRO), which allows us to be granted with the Gold Seal 
recognition for the program. Since 2018, we use the Climate 
Commitment program to offset our remaining scopes 1 and 
2 emissions and an internal carbon price to support our 
studies about the voluntary carbon market. Our internal 
price is based on the average value of each credit purchased, 
which was R$27.76 in 2022.
Aimed at reducing our scope 1 emissions, we have set up 
governance and action plans focused on measuring and 
reducing our fugitive emissions related to refrigeration, 
which account for nearly 90% of our scope1 emissions, by 
retrofitting the refrigeration equipment and using other 
more efficient technological tools.  We also offset our 
scope 1 emissions in Brazil and LATAM countries (Paraguay, 
Argentina and Uruguay).
As for scope 2 emissions, we have invested in the generation 
of clean renewable energy based on distributed generation, 
investments in solar panels, and purchases of Renewable 
Energy Certificates (RECs), neutralizing 100% of our scope 
2 emissions in Brazil. Additionally, our goal is to supply 80% 
of our branch network with renewable energy by 2025,and 
we keep up our efforts to increase energy efficiency in our 
own operations. To learn more on our eco efficiency strategy, 
including our management of water, waste, paper and other 
resources, access our ESG Report.
The opportunities in our operations are related to 
investments in new technologies to reduce generation 
of emissions and waste, as well as to reduce water and 
energy consumption, and encourage suppliers to adopt 
By promoting 
ecoefficiency  
in our operational 
infrastructure, we increase 
our climate resilience, 
reduce climate impacts on 
our operations and create 
opportunities.
climate practices more appropriate to the current and 
future scenario.
We assessed the exposure of our branch network to 
physical risks from climate change, aimed at identifying 
possible actions to adapt to climate change, and developed 
contingency plans for water and energy risks. To learn more 
on this initiative, see section Risk Management  here in.
42 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
climate 
risk_
49
adaptation to physical risks 
in operation management
44
climate risk 
managements
Classification of climate risks according to TCFD
 
Transition risks
Public and legal policies Market 
Increase in price of GHG emissions. Change in client behavior.
Required disclosure of climate information. Economic barriers in the global markets.
Mandates and regulation for existing products and services. Increase in cost of raw material.
Exposure to litigation.
Technology Reputation
Replacement of existing products and services with options with 
lower emissions. Changes in consumer preferences.
Unsuccessful investment in new technologies. Stigmatization of the industry.
Costs for transition to lower emissions technology. Increased concern of stakeholders or negative evaluation 
by stakeholders.
Physical risks
Acute Chronic 
Increased severity of extreme climate events, such as 
cyclones and floods.
Changes in rainfall patterns and extreme variability in 
climate patterns.
Rising average temperatures.
Rising sea level.
The climate risk has become increasingly relevant to 
business and global economy as a whole, whether due 
to the materialization of the transition risk due to the 
new climate regulation, which requires adjustments in 
processes, policies and practices, or to the consequences 
of the materialization of physical risks, which have been 
more intense, frequent and with impacts on different 
geographic locations. As already described in “Mapping the 
impacts of risks and opportunities”, climate risks have a 
systemic nature, with the potential to impact other risks 
(“traditional risks”). That is why the financial position of 
our clients may become sensitive, jeopardizing their meeting 
contractual obligations with the bank. 
The table below shows how our clients may become sensitive 
due to climate risks and the consequence to our business, 
driven by the potential impact on their finances, as, for 
example, by changing their revenue and profitability. 
In the regulatory aspect, it is worth mentioning that in 2021 
the Central Bank of Brazil launched a package of regulation 
aimed to Environmental, Social and Climate responsibility 
and to the management of these risks in financial 
institutions, an example that has been followed by other 
financial regulators in Brazil and abroad. These rules add to 
the broad range of environmental laws and self-regulation 
in Brazil that are used as reference for the climate change 
actions of the bank and our clients .
Additionally, in 2022, we published the Global 
Environmental, Social and Climate Risk Policy, which 
aims at establishing the guidelines to manage these risks, 
in addition to determining the roles and responsibilities and 
the related governance processes.
climate risk 
management
44 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
The climate risk management is in line with the methodology and framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and includes the stages of 
identification, prioritization, response to risk, monitoring and reporting of assessed risks. In practice, these stages are carried out through actions, such as mapping of processes, definition of 
controls, capture of new rules and monitoring of actions for their implementation, recording and managing of risk identification in internal systems, governance through committees for a joint 
analysis of tolerance to risk and reporting to the Executive Committee and Board of Directors. 
Climate Risk Management
Environmental, 
social and 
climate risk
Monitoring of 
actions, initiatives 
and processes 
through metrics 
and targets to 
accomplish the 
strategy.
Analysis of 
sensitivity 
to climate risk.
Risk mapping.
Analysis of 
scenario.
Development of actions 
and initiatives to 
accomplish the strategy.
Definition of 
the climate 
strategy.
Prioritization 
of risks.
Definition of processes 
focused on climate 
risk management in 
business procedures.
Decisions made through 
the governance process
Inputs to carry out the 
management phase
Continuous improvement
45 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Sector exposure to climate risk
We classify the exposure of credit to climate risk taking into 
consideration the combination of physical and transition 
risks, as well as peculiarities of the economies where we 
operate.  The industries in which our clients operate are 
classified below in accordance with climate exposure.  This 
classification is used as part of the assessment of the bank’s 
exposure to industries and clients exposed to climate risk. 
Sugar and alcohol  
Public administration  
Agribusiness and fertilizers  
Food and beverages  
Banks and other financial institutions
 
Capital goods  
Durable goods - except vehicles  
Non-durable goods  
Pulp and paper  
Commerce - sundry
 
Concessions for infrastructure  
Sundry  
Energy  
Education and health  
Pharmaceutical and cosmetics industry
 
Real estate  
Infrastructure  
Leisure and tourism  
Construction material  
Metallurgy, and steel and iron  
Media 
 
Mining  
Oil and gas  
Petrochemicals and chemicals  
Individuals  
Services 
 
Technology  
Telecommunications  
Trading  
Transportation and logistics  
Vehicles/auto parts
Low climate exposure
Medium climate exposure
High climate exposure
46 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Development of methodology for mapping 
and managing climate risks
In 2021, we developed a methodology to identify, prioritize 
and assess the main climate risks that may affect our 
business, as well as impact traditional risk categories of the 
institution, with term and intensity weighting.  This work 
was based on the review of scientific reports and documents 
of global benchmark organizations, such as the Financial 
Stability Board, World Economic Forum, International 
Monetary Fund, Bank for International Settlements, NGFS, 
among others, and also incorporated climate litigation 
issues, based on both physical and transition aspects, 
which may possibly affect our business and that of our 
customers.  We annually analyze the need to review the 
methodology based on the results of the reports of 
these key stakeholders, scientific reports and progress of 
discussions at COPs.
Assessment of resilience to physical risk
Together with peer financial institutions, within the scope of the Brazilian Federation of Banks (Febraban), as a pilot exercise we mapped the physical risks in view 
of scenarios adapted to characteristics of the region where we operate.  These studies took into consideration the conclusions of the Intergovernmental Panel on 
Climate Change (IPCC) disclosed based on the RCP (Representative Concentration Pathways) scenario 8.5, which takes into account two assumptions: 
 • High GHG (Greenhouse Gas) emissions.  
 • Temperature rise of up to 5.4ºC above pre-industrial levels.
The agenda for going deeper in how transition and physical risks potentially affect our business continues to include other scenarios, including IPCC scenarios, 
such as the RCP2.6, presented by UNEP-FI on the “Climate Change Knowledge portal” platform.
47 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
The monitoring of the sensitivity of the loan portfolio to climate risk is carried out by combining variables linked to 
the vulnerability of industries to climate risk, such as quality of credit and maturity terms of loan operations of a particular 
industry or client, which allows us to visualize possible concentrations of the portfolio in each category of climate risk 
sensitivity.  These results guide the sector operations strategies, as well as the individualized client management, which may 
have their risk rating affected. 
In addition to the portfolio standpoint demonstrated by applying the methodology for the calculation of sensitivity, we also 
maintain the assessment of climate risk at the client level. 
Methodology for the calculation of sensitivity
Climate risk management in credit granting
In this regard, the risk rating of clients in Itaú BBA  
segment becomes sensitive in accordance with their 
exposure to climate risk, for example assessing the 
physical risk through their sensitivity to water shortage 
or, in the context of transition risk in carbon-intensive 
clients, assessing their ability and resilience to offset 
emissions through carbon credits. Additionally, we 
evaluated the climate management practices of 
our clients to capture actions that contribute to 
mitigate both physical and transition risks to which they 
are exposed.  
For products such as long-term financing for projects 
(project finance), for which the risks are primarily 
linked to the cash flows of the project itself, we apply 
the Equator Principles, which include management 
of climate change-related impacts based on the 
International Finance Corporation’s (IFC) Performance 
Standards. See further details in our ESG Report.
In addition, we assess our appetite to assuming climate risk, which is reflected in the limits established and monitored 
monthly through an integrated approach by the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors.  In this context, in 
December 2022, 12% of our credit portfolio was concentrated in sectors categorized with “High” exposure to climate risks.
relevance
climate risk
credit quality
proportionality
% of the portfolio
Weighted Average Term
+
48 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
adaptation to physical risks in 
operation management
Cases of operational losses from climate events
 
Adaptation plan: flood in branches and client service interruption  
 • Description of the risk: Every year, in the rain period, some of our branches suffer with natural 
disasters, such as floods, which affect our operation, creating several risks, such as safety risk 
to our clients and employees and big financial losses to the business.  In order to mitigate these 
impacts, we conducted a study for branches that have recent history of climate events, aimed at 
directing preventive actions to these points of sale.
 • Nature of the impact: financial and non-financial impact
 • Time horizon of the risk: short term (mainly).
 • Scope: national scope with greater number of branches affected in the states of São Paulo, Rio de 
Janeiro and Minas Gerais. 
 • Severity: approximately 80 branches (2% of total) with history and potential risk of new events.
 • Nature of the impact: environmental, social and economic.
 • Mitigation actions: we forward the assessment to specialists who will indicate any possible 
mitigating solutions to the branches, based on the surrounding landform, record of floods and 
characteristics of the building.
 • Main results: the architectural adaptation of the buildings (floodgates, changes in layout, etc.) of 
seven branches is already in progress.  The recommendation for other cases was to transfer the 
branch to another location that is not exposed to the risk of flood.
 
Contingency plan for water and energy risks 
 • Description of the risk: shortage of electricity supplied by concessionaires and shortage of water 
supplied by concessionaire, for undetermined period.
 • Nature of the impact: financial and non-financial impact.
 • Time horizon of the risk: cyclical and unpredictable events, impacts may occur in the short, 
medium and long term.
 • Scope: business center and Data Center.
 • Severity: business departments affected, such as digital branches.
 • Nature of the impact: financial and non-financial impact.
 • Mitigation actions: scheduled annual maintenance of substations, with monitoring of the levels 
of the diesel oil tanks of generators, and simulations of electricity shortage.  And maintenance 
of the level of water inflow in the reservoirs at a minimum of 80%, monitoring of the levels of the 
reservoirs by the operations center and issue of levels of alerts for supply.
 • Main results: no unavailability was recorded in electrical or water installations in the business 
center in the past five years.
In view of the worsening of extreme natural events, a consequence of climate change, and of our climate risk assessment, we established some plans for adapting to physical risks. Client service 
interruption is a risk that had to be addressed.  To this end, we conducted a pilot vulnerability study for branches that have recent history of being impacted by climate events, aimed at directing 
preventive actions to these points of sale. Based on the identification of potential impacts, we developed plans for adapting branches to flood and contingency plans for water and energy risks.  
49 
climate report 2022 Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.
climate metrics 
and targets_
51
business and 
operations 
55
financed 
emissions
business and operations
Our main climate change-related targets and metrics are presented in the table below. Some of them are qualitative targets and, therefore, they have no associated metrics. Likewise, we 
understand that some metrics are related to processes or material topics, such as climate risk management or incorporation of climate opportunities. As recommended by TCFD, we present the 
metrics and targets in the context of the risks and opportunities addressed. For other ESG metrics and our performance in previous years, see our ESG Report.
Targets or related topic Associated metric
To learn about our performance in previous years, access our ESG Report
Target: reduce emissions (scope 1) by 50% in 2018 - 2030. 
Scope 1 emissions – Brazil
2022 - 22.328 tCO₂e
2021 - 16.477 tCO₂e
2020 - 14.510 tCO₂e
Scope 1 emissions – LATAM countries (Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay)
2022 - 22.925 tCO₂e
2021 - 17.048 tCO₂e
2020 - 15.070 tCO₂e
Target: continue to certify that 100% of our energy consumed is 
renewable and zero emission, by purchase option.
Scope 2 emission, by purchase option – Brazil
2022 - 0 tCO₂e
2021 - 0 tCO₂e
2020 - 0 tCO₂e
Scope 2 emissions, by purchase option – LATAM countries (Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay)
2022 - 2.537 tCO₂e
2021 - 2.739 tCO₂e
2020 - 2.873 tCO₂e
Scope 2 emissions, by location – Brazil
2022 - 18.335 tCO₂e
2021 - 54.907 tCO₂e
2020 - 32.070 tCO₂e
Scope 2 emissions, by location – LATAM countries (Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay)
2022 - 15.798 tCO₂e
2021 - 52.168 tCO₂e
2020 - 28.301 tCO₂e
51 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Target: reduce scopes 1,2 and 3 emissions and become Net zero by 
2050 in our direct and indirect emissions.
Scope 3 emissions, except financed emissions – Brazil 
2022 - 40.525 tCO₂e
2021 - 58.478 tCO₂e
2020 - 76.998 tCO₂e
Scope 3 emissions, except financed emissions – LATAM countries 
2022 - 41.659 tCO₂e
2021 - 59.479 tCO₂e
2020 - 78.619 tCO₂e
Financed emissions - companies (scope 3, category 15) – Brazil 
2022 - 18.7million tCO₂e
2021 - 17.3 million tCO₂e
2020 - 15.5 million tCO₂e
Financed emissions – individuals (scope 3, category 15) – Brazil 
2022 - 1.9 million tCO₂e
2021 - 1.7 million tCO₂e
Target: invest in the use of bikes as a mode of transportation 
in large urban centers to promote a more inclusive and low 
carbon economy.
 • In 2022, emissions of 5,360 metric tons of CO² were prevented.
 • 15,933,815 travels in 2022, (42% employee commuting, 33% entertainment and 24% deliveries).
Target: reduce by 63% the intensity of emissions of the 
power generation industry by 2030 and complete thermal coal 
phase-out by 2030.
Intensity of sector emissions 
2022 - 103 gCO₂e/kWh 
Target: Offset 100% of remaining scopes 1 and 2 emissions.
Commitment to climate
Purchase of 19,800 Emission Reduction Certificates generated under the project for renewable energy generation and project for 
replacing consumption of firewood from deforestation with biomass from renewable sources.
Target: reduce energy consumption by 31% in 2018 - 2030.
Total energy consumption - Brazil
2022 - 401.310 MWh
2021 - 430.599 MWh
2020 - 479.409 MWh
Accordingly, we reviewed our target from 31% to 34.5% in energy consumption reduction in relation to the base year 2018.
Target: reduce waste sent to landfills by 36% in 2018 -2030.
Waste generation
2022 - 4.715 t
2021 - 17.188 t
2020 - 19.445 t
Due to evolution, we reviewed our target from 36% to 88% in waste generation reduction in relation to the base year 2018.
Targets or related topic Associated metric
To learn about our performance in previous years, access our ESG Report
52 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Target: reduce water consumption by 33% in 2018 - 2030.
Water consumption
2022 - 628.831 m³
2021 - 524.480 m³
2020 - 635.828 m³
Due to evolution, we reviewed our target from 33% to 63% in water consumption reduction in relation to the base year 2018.
Material topic: Climate Risk Management.
Portfolio concentration in high exposure sectors
2022 - 12%
Assessment of climate risk
2022 - 47% of clients of the loan portfolio of the corporate and rural producers segments were subject to climate risk assessment.
Material topic: internal carbon pricing. Internal carbon price
2022 - R$ 27,76/ tCO₂e
Material topic: climate adaptation. Branches exposed to the risk of flood 
2022 - 80 branches (2% of total)
Material topic: contingency plan for water and energy risks. Monitoring of the levels of the reservoirs
There are no impacts on operations due to energy or water shortages in the last five years.
Target: contribute R$400 billion to positive impact sectors by 2025.
Financing in positive impact sectors (cumulative)
2022 - R$266 billion
2021 - R$170 billion
2020 - R$80 billion
To learn about the distribution of funds to the different positive impact sectors, access our ESG Report.
Material topic: climate finance.
Credit for electric and hybrid vehicles (cumulative)
2022 - R$505 million
2021 - R$326 million
2020 - R$99 million
Topic: Sustainable mobility. Shared electric vehicles (VEC)
28.5 metric tons of CO₂eq¹ avoided in the period.
Material topic: climate finance
Financing of solar panels (cumulative)
2022 - R$55 million
2021 - R$3 million
Targets or related topic Associated metric
To learn about our performance in previous years, access our ESG Report
53 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Material topic: climate finance.
Green loan operations
2022- R$235 million
Loan operation linked to sustainability targets
2022 - R$33.3 million
Material topic: climate finance. Amount financed in sustainable buildings
Since 2021: R$2.7 billion
Material topic: climate finance.
Amount financed in CPR (Rural Product Note) Legal Reserve +
Since 2021: - R$32.2 million
Hectares of forests that could be legally deforested 
Since 2021: 100,000 hectares
Material topic: climate finance.
Amount financed in the Reverte (Reverse) program
Since 2021: - R$299 million
Hectares recovered, avoiding new deforestations
Since 2021: 57,800 hectares
Target: carry out ESG assessments in 100% of applicable assets, 
and engagement processes to foster 100% of our partners by 2025.
Percentage of assets under management of Asset management (AUM) with ESG and climate assessment
 • more than R$836 billion in assets under management.
 • more than 280 qualified professionals.
 • 99.75% of ESG coverage for all eligible assets.
For other metrics associated with ESG management in Itaú Asset, access our ESG Report.
Target: continuously increase our volume of ESG assets under 
management by 2025.
Amount of equity in ESG-linked funds (Asset management)
Approximately R$3.2 billion of equity in ESG assets and sustainable investments in December 2022, up 3% on a year on year basis.
Material topic: engagement with investees.
Engagement with investees (number of industries)
 • 173 companies from economic sectors engaged.
 • Attendance in 277 general stockholders’ meetings of investees.
Material topic: Concentration of portfolio (Asset Management). In 2022 we reached 99.75% ESG coverage for all Itaú Asset Management’s eligible assets and only 1% of funds were allocated to sectors 
that may pose risks to consumer or third parties, as well as to sectors of production or distribution of fossil fuels and by-products. 
Material topic: support the decarbonization of our clients. Number of startups in Cubo ESG in the end of 2022: 28.
Target: encourage our supply chain to adopt positive environmental 
and social impact commitments and practices.
 • Online workshop with active suppliers for the launch of the ESG questionnaire, focused on the supply chain. 
 • 85% suppliers invited reported information on climate change in the CDP Supply Chain Program.
Targets or related topic Associated metric
To learn about our performance in previous years, access our ESG Report
54 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
financed emissions
Throughout 2022, we improved our methodology for calculating financed emissions 
and expanded the coverage of our loan portfolio, bringing more transparency to our 
stakeholders about the impacts of our business and loan operations on the climate. 
In line with PCAF guidelines, we calculate Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions indirectly 
attributed to credit granting activity, given the total emissions of our clients and the financial 
resources granted for their activities.
loan portfolio - companies 
R$ 559,2 billion (100% of the portfolio) 
18,7 MM tCO2e
loan portfolio with no 
applicable methodology 
R$ 460,7 billion 
(40,4% of the portfolio)
loan to individuals - 
residential real estate 
R$ 89,9 billion (85% of the portfolio) 
0,2 MM tCO2e
loan to individuals - vehicle 
financing 
R$ 31,6 billion (100% of the portfolio) 
1,7 MM tCO2e
coverage of financed emissions calculation
assessed portfolio
R$ 680,8 billion 
(59,6% of the portfolio) 
20,6 MM tCO2e
Loan portfolio - companies
Bearing in mind that this is an evolutionary agenda, in 2022 we released a more 
comprehensive inventory in relation to the last report, adding emissions from 
our securities portfolio, and covering operations carried out in Brazil and in our 
foreign units.
loan portfolio - companies Dec/20 Dec/21 Dec/22
Financed emissions
(millions of metric tons of CO₂) 15.5 17.3 18.7
Value of assessed portfolio (R$ billions)8. 465.2 527.5 559.2
Weighted quality score (PCAF) 4.3 4.3 4.0
Coverage9 100% 100% 100%
.
8 Inventories for base dates 2020 and 2021 were recalculated including bonds and excluding endorsements and 
guarantees, following PCAF guidelines and aiming to keep the comparability of the results presented here.
9  The portfolio coverage ratio was calculated by the ratio of the value of the assessed portfolio to the portfolio total 
value, for which there is already a PCAF methodology available. 
We centered our efforts both on improving the calculation and on seeking the best 
information to build an inventory that adheres to our credit performance.  However, 
obtaining and consolidating the best information is a great challenge, where public 
availability of GHG emissions data and the sharing of financial statements between 
companies are essential.  Currently, 19% of our corporate loan and securities portfolio 
have a score of 1 or 2, with public data available, and 81% with scores 4 or 5, with 
estimates of financed emissions. 
data used for emissions calculation 2022
Score 1 - published and assured emissions 17.3%
Score 2 - published emissions, but not assured 1.4%
Score 3 - emissions estimate, by physical production 0.0%
Score 4 - emissions estimate, by revenue 28.4%
Score 5 - emissions estimate, by loan contracted 52.9%
total loan 
portfolio 
R$ 1.141 billion
55 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Vehicle financing Dec/21 Dec/22
Financed emissions
(millions of metric tons of CO₂) 1.5 1.7
Value of assessed portfolio (R$ billions) 29.6 31.6
Weighted quality score (PCAF) 4.1 4.5
Coverage 100% 100%
The financed emissions of the real estate loan portfolio for individuals were calculated by applying the PCAF methodology 
corresponding to the “Mortgages” asset class, with score calculation method 4.
Real estate loans Dec/21 Dec/22
Financed emissions
(millions of metric tons of CO₂) 0.2 0.2
Value of assessed portfolio (R$ billions) 71.0 89.9
Weighted quality score (PCAF) 4.0 4.0
Coverage 83% 85%
The PCAF score measures the quality of the information 
used in the calculation of financed emissions; the greater 
the availability of our clients’ data, the better our score.  We 
adopt score 1 when the customer publishes their emissions 
and has an assurance process; score 2 is adopted when 
published emissions do not have assurance.  For scores 3, 
4 and 5, we need to estimate the client’s total emissions, 
since this information is not published (use of an emission 
factor10).  For score 3, we estimate using the client’s physical 
production, while for score 4 we use the revenue and, for 
score 5, the loan itself.  
For the calculation of financed emissions using scores 1 to 
4, we also need to have the client’s financial information.  In 
the absence of this information, emissions are calculated 
using score 5. 
For corporate loan portfolios, we apply the PCAF 
methodology corresponding to asset classes “Business 
Loans” and “Unlisted Equity” and for the securities 
portfolio we adopt the methodology of “Listed equity and 
Corporate Bonds”.11
In line with PCAF recommendations, this year we also 
estimated scope 3 financed emissions for the Mining and Oil 
and Gas sectors, which totaled 2.4 million metric tons of CO₂ 
(PCAF quality score:  4)12.
10 PCAF provides a database with emission factors for scores 3, 4 and 5, with segregation by economic activity and geographic region.  For more information, access: https: //db.carbonaccountingfinancials.com/PCAF_emission_factor_database.php
11 For more details on the calculation methods for the asset categories covered by the PCAF, please see “The Global GHG Accounting & Reporting Standard – Part A Financed Emissions” manual, published by PCAF (available at: //carbonaccountingfinancials.com/en/
standard).
12 Seeking to expand the scope of financed emissions measurement, PCAF recommends that its members estimate and publish this year scope 3 emissions from Oil & Gas and Mining customers (NACE L2 Code: 05-09, 19, 20). For more information, please see the 
PCAF manual (page 51) (available at:  https: //carbonaccountingfinancials.com/en/standard).
13 PCAF recommends measuring residential emissions based on household energy consumption, considering the Brazilian energy matrix (score 4 considers the use of this information and the adoption of an average emission factor, given the size of the property).  
For vehicles, PCAF indicates that emissions be calculated based on the model and fuel consumption (we adopt a score of 4 for contracts in which the PCAF provides an emission factor suitable for the type, brand and model of the financed vehicle; on the other hand, 
a score 5 is used when we adopt an average emission factor per type of vehicle (passenger, bus or truck). 
Loan portfolio - individuals
We also expanded the coverage of the calculation of financed emissions coverage including loan operations and financing 
for individuals. 
As for emissions from vehicle financing for individuals, we adopted the methodology for the “Motor Vehicle Loans” asset class, 
with calculation methods score 4 and 513
56 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
emissions calculation methodology
The PCAF methodology covers the measurement of emissions from seven asset categories , which can be measured using five methods, depending on the availability of our clients’ data (each 
method has a score, one being the best and five being the worst).  The greater the availability of data from our clients, the greater the accuracy of this calculation 
We keep interacting with PCAF to help improving financed emissions calculation methodologies.  We will also work on expanding the coverage of portfolios considered in the baseline, to include 
new assets with methodology under development, such as sovereign bonds.  We will make the necessary retroactive adjustments in subsequent assessments to ensure transparency and 
comparability. 
GHG emissions by sector of activity, asset class and region14 
GHG emissions intensity, by 
sector of activity (iSector)
Financed emissions (scopes 1 + 2) Portfolio Relative emissions (scopes 1 + 2/ portfolio)
 (millions of metric tons of CO₂eq) (R$ billions) (MM tCO₂e/R$ bilhões)
2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022
Agribusiness 3.9 4.3 5.0 21.8 30.2 33.9 0.177 0.143 0.148
Oil and gas 1.1 1.2 2.0 12.6 12.6 16.8 0.087 0.092 0.118
Commerce 1.3 1.4 1.9 80.9 96.0 114.3 0.016 0.014 0.017
Energy 1.3 1.5 1.6 26.8 28.8 42.0 0.048 0.051 0.039
Industry - sundry 0.6 1.2 1.4 15.7 18.6 19.7 0.041 0.063 0.073
Transportation 0.9 2.1 1.2 30.3 35.8 33.8 0.030 0.059 0.036
Cement 0.5 0.8 0.9 1.3 1.4 3.1 0.385 0.526 0.296
Petrochemicals and chemicals 0.9 0.8 0.8 14.5 13.9 15.0 0.060 0.058 0.055
Services - sundry 1.1 0.8 0.8 63.3 64.6 58.0 0.017 0.012 0.013
Food and beverages 0.6 0.7 0.7 24.9 28.2 30.6 0.023 0.025 0.024
Metallurgy, and steel and iron 0.7 0.7 0.7 9.0 10.6 9.9 0.077 0.068 0.067
Pulp and paper 0.2 0.2 0.3 3.0 6.0 6.1 0.053 0.040 0.050
Pharmaceuticals and cosmetics 0.2 0.2 0.2 3.9 4.5 5.5 0.045 0.041 0.042
Sanitation 0.1 0.1 0.2 3.5 5.8 6.3 0.015 0.012 0.029
Mining 0.3 0.2 0.1 6.0 5.2 2.7 0.057 0.042 0.050
Electronics and IT 0.0 0.1 0.1 4.5 5.7 5.9 0.009 0.010 0.021
 
14 Corporate and Equity Securities (listed and unlisted on stock exchanges), Loans Portfolio, Project Financing, Real Estate Projects, Mortgages, Loans for motor vehicles and Public Debt Securities.
57 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Wood and furniture 0.1 0.1 0.1 3.4 4.5 4.6 0.022 0.022 0.025
Footwear and textiles 0.1 0.1 0.1 5.5 6.3 6.6 0.012 0.012 0.013
Real estate 0.0 0.0 0.1 18.6 19.5 28.2 0.002 0.003 0.003
Banks and financial institutions 1.3 0.6 0.1 33.6 43.7 27.8 0.039 0.014 0.002
Construction 0.1 0.1 0.1 21.3 22.6 24.4 0.006 0.003 0.002
Recycling 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.1 0.2 0.4 0.157 0.159 0.134
Vehicles and auto parts 0.1 0.0 0.0 7.5 5.7 6.1 0.007 0.008 0.008
Coal 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 1.421 1.294 0.925
Communication 0.0 0.0 0.0 6.7 10.5 10.5 0.003 0.003 0.003
Capital goods 0.0 0.0 0.0 2.5 3.4 3.7 0.012 0.011 0.009
Leisure and tourism 0.0 0.0 0.0 6.8 6.5 6.8 0.004 0.004 0.003
Health 0.0 0.0 0.0 8.0 7.8 8.1 0.002 0.003 0.003
Logistics 0.0 0.0 0.0 2.7 2.0 4.2 0.001 0.003 0.004
Insurance, reinsurance 
and pension plans 0.0 0.0 0.0 2.3 3.7 3.9 0.003 0.003 0.003
Education 0.0 0.0 0.0 5.7 4.1 5.3 0.002 0.002 0.002
Infrastructure 0.0 0.0 0.0 3.6 3.4 5.5 0.001 0.003 0.002
Public services 0.0 0.0 0.0 1.4 2.4 2.4 0.001 0.001 0.002
Culture and recreation 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.8 1.2 1.6 0.001 0.001 0.001
Third sector 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.001 0.001 0.001
Sundry 0.1 0.1 0.0 12.5 12.0 5.6 0.006 0.007 0.006
Total 15.5 17.3 18.7 465.2 527.5 559.2 0.033 0.033 0.033
Score 4.3 4.3 4.0      
GHG emissions intensity, by 
sector of activity (iSector)
Financed emissions (scopes 1 + 2) Portfolio Relative emissions (scopes 1 + 2/ portfolio)
 (millions of metric tons of CO₂eq) (R$ billions) (MM tCO₂e/R$ bilhões)
2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022
58 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
GHG emissions intensity, by 
asset class
Portfolio  Financed emissions (scopes 1 + 2) Relative emissions (scopes 1 + 2/ portfolio)
(R$ billions) (millions of metric tons of CO₂eq) (metric tons of CO₂eq / R$ billions)
2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022
Business loans 380.3 406.6 416.7 13.0 12.4 12.2 0.034 0.030 0.029
Corporate bonds 84.9 120.8 142.5 2.5 4.9 6.6 0.029 0.041 0.046
Vehicles - individuals - 29.6 30.2 - 1.5 1.6 - 0.052 0.054
Real estate - individuals - 71.0 89.9 - 0.2 0.2 - 0.002 0.002
Total 465.2 628.1 679.4 15.5 19.0 20.6 0.033 0.030 0.030
GHG emissions intensity, by 
region
Portfolio  Financed emissions (scopes 1 + 2) Relative emissions (scopes 1 + 2/ portfolio)
(R$ billions) (millions of metric tons of CO₂eq) (metric tons of CO₂eq / R$ billions)
2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022
Brazil (head office) 293.8 343.8 372.7 9.4 11.7 12.8 0.032 0.034 0.034
Latin America (Paraguay, 
Uruguay, Argentina, 
Chile and Colombia)
116.3 114.8 110.9 4.2 3.3 2.9 0.036 0.028 0.026
Other foreign units (Europe, 
Central and North America)55.1 68.8 75.7 1.8 2.4 3.1 0.033 0.035 0.040
Total 465.2 527.4 559.3 15.5 17.4 18.8 0.033 0.033 0.034
59 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
challenges and 
future vision_
Challenges
Despite the significant headway made in recent years, challenges still exist in managing climate change in financial institutions. These challenges are related to regulatory environment, 
stakeholder engagement, different levels of client maturity, standardization of methodologies and calculators, lack of structured and available data, risk management and adequate 
transparency of climate information.
Regulation 
One of the greatest challenges faced by Brazil continues to be the uncertainty in the 
regulatory environment for the implementation of a carbon market and the lack of a 
robust information system with data on emissions of production entities, the so called 
Measurement, Reporting, and Verification (MRV). The institutional and regulatory 
arrangement is required so that the country can adopt an efficient and flexible carbon 
pricing system, seeking to comply with the Brazilian NDC15 (Nationally Determined 
Contributions) and without interfering in the industry competitiveness. And there is 
also the potential of fostering carbon credit generation that, in a scenario of increased 
legal certainty, is able to unlock investments. We support initiatives to encourage the 
voluntary market and advocacy in relation to the regulated market, since national and 
international regulation on the topic may impact our strategy, requiring adjustments to 
processes and disclosures.
Technology and innovation 
As a financial institution, we depend on the decarbonization of the economic agents in their chains of operation for us to achieve Net Zero by 2050.  Our main goal is to support clients 
and the economy as a whole in their climate transition, contributing to increased equity in the agenda. As already reported, we have made a diagnosis of the maturity of our clients in 
terms of decarbonization and have worked on engaging them with the climate and ESG agenda. However, there is a long way to go to turn climate management into a market practice, as 
it relies on technological innovation so that the many economic sectors have the necessary funds and access to technologies capable of offering solutions to decarbonization challenges 
with scalability.
Brazil still suffers from the relative lack of regional data for climate change management, such as a national bank of emission factors. In many cases, the lack of disclosure on 
emissions of greenhouse gases by the companies makes it difficult to capture the reality of certain industries. Even for industries in which the availability of information is higher, they are 
not necessarily adequate to the national context and, even for clients already engaged and mobilized, not all technological solutions are available and accessible, such as the case of carbon 
capture and storage technologies. We believe that innovation may have a key role in increasing the availability of data and solutions for decarbonization. Accordingly, we work on this 
agenda through Cubo ESG and dialogue with the academy, in addition to creating proprietary solutions to use data in ESG issues.
Engagement 
Engaging different stakeholders is also a challenge due to the limited knowledge 
about the topic, particularly in the domestic market. Internally, we have worked 
through training our employees and establishing a dialogue with suppliers, sector 
associations and other stakeholders. As we progress through this process, we seek 
to ensure that the interests of different players are combined, without affecting the 
climate ambition, which is also extremely necessary.
 15 The Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) are the climate targets set by the signatory countries to the Paris Agreement (including Brazil) and must be updated every five years 
61 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
Risk management
Climate change requires risk management processes to 
be reviewed, so that uncertainties imposed by physical 
and transition risks are handled, particularly on the 
medium and long terms. Climate change impact can be 
systemic, which prevents it from being restricted to one 
single risk discipline and calls for the combination of 
different issues, such as credit analysis, sector targets, 
risk appetite, and biodiversity.
Transparency
Finally, after undertaking the efforts to implement the climate strategy, communicate it and provide the appropriate 
level of transparency to the topic continues to be a challenge to financial institutions and investors. TCFD is still the 
main framework for the disclosure of climate information, but other initiatives have arisen around the world and, 
due to the complexity of climate change, it is also necessary to align frameworks, methodologies and indicators to 
meet the different needs of different stakeholders. We have been making efforts to align our communications to the 
recommendations of the TCFD and to meet the NZBA commitment.
62 
Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A.climate report 2022
