Prudential plc 
Climate 
transition 
plan
March 2023
Contents
Foundations 1
Foreword 1
Prudential’s climate targets 1
Climate journey to date 2
How to use this document 3
Objectives and priorities 5
Targets and progress 5
Our journey towards decarbonisation 7
Looking ahead 9
Implementation and engagement strategy 12
Responsible Investment 12
Industry engagement and advocacy 14
Products and services  15
Our own operations 16
Metrics 17
Governance 18
Board and management oversight 18
Skills and culture 20
Methodologies and references 21
prudentialplc.com
Foreword
Prudential fully supports the urgent need to reduce global 
greenhouse gas (GHG) to net zero to limit climate change in 
line with the Paris Agreement. We are concerned about how the 
potentially catastrophic effects of climate change may impact 
our communities and customers across Asia and Africa. 
We are invested in the sustainable long-term development of 
our markets, and our approach to the just and inclusive transition 
focuses on making sure that no one, including those within emerging 
markets, is left behind in the global transition towards a low carbon 
economy. As such, we are focused on ensuring the debate on how to 
achieve this common goal is based on steps that are relevant and 
appropriate for these specific societies, given that they are not largely 
responsible for the current level of global environmental damage.
The financial industry can play an accelerating or hampering role 
in the energy transition. Long-term investors like Prudential will be 
crucial for the energy transition as they have to take a long-term 
view due to the nature of the business and long-term liabilities. 
Even with this long-term view, however, looking more than 25 years 
ahead is challenging, as there remain many unknowns on a global 
scale. Importantly, the financial industry is dependent on other 
actors in society, most notably governments, to create the enabling 
environment needed for the energy transition. 
This is the first iteration of our Climate Transition Plan. It sets out our 
long-term net zero pledge and interim targets, and the progress we 
have made against them. It describes the actions we plan to take to 
implement our decarbonisation strategy across our investment 
portfolio1 and operations, as well as highlighting the areas in which 
we need to strengthen our understanding and approach. We are 
seeking to utilise this first iteration of our externally disclosed Climate 
Transition Plan as an engagement mechanism with our investors and 
stakeholders, to seek feedback as we continue in the current target 
cycle and begin to think about the next iteration of climate-related 
targets. We will therefore consider providing our shareholders with an 
advisory vote on our climate action and updated transition planning 
in the future.  
We acknowledge the current and future uncertainties that we and 
others face in our decarbonisation journey, and that the long-term 
projections within this plan are more uncertain than the short-term 
ones. Our plan reflects a measured and deliberate approach which 
is expected to evolve over time. In particular, we expect our climate 
and decarbonisation strategy to continue to evolve as we gain 
more accurate and in-depth data, deeper insights into the specific 
challenges and evolutions of our local markets, and knowledge from 
our engagement and advocacy efforts across our value chain. We 
also expect our Climate Transition Plan to adapt to reflect market, 
regulatory, technological and other climate-related developments 
affecting the context and pace of the global transition towards net 
zero. Therefore, we aim to update this document periodically to 
ensure we maintain transparency and accountability of our climate 
ambition and strategy.
We look forward to further engagement with our stakeholders on the 
transition towards a net zero economy, and welcome feedback and 
collaboration as we continue to evolve our approach. 
Foundations 
1 Our investment portfolio (’investment portfolio’) includes both listed equities and corporate bonds in all shareholder and policyholder assets, while excluding assets held by joint venture 
businesses and assets in unit-linked funds as we do not have full authority to change the investment strategies of these. Further information is provided in the Basis of Reporting. 
2 Carbon emissions refers to carbon dioxide equivalent emissions (CO2e) per the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol, including carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), 
hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs), sulphur hexafluoride (SF6) and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3).
Prudential’s climate targets 
Divest from all direct 
investments in businesses 
that derive more than 
By end of 2022 
Target to annually engage 
with the companies 
responsible for 
25%
Net Zero
25%
of their 
income 
from coal
of the absolute 
emissions in our 
investment portfolio.
Ongoing
30%
65%
reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
intensity (per full-time employee) from a 
2016 baseline and become carbon neutral 
across our Scope 1 and 2 emissions
By 2030
asset owner in alignment with the Net Zero 
Asset Owner Alliance (NZAOA) By 2050
reduction in the carbon emissions2 of the 
investment portfolio intensity against our 
2019 baseline
By 2025
 1
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan  
Foundations / continued
Climate journey to date
2019:
> Published our  
first TCFD-aligned 
disclosure (investments 
not included)
> Set operational climate 
targets for 2030
2021: 
> Established Board Responsibility 
& Sustainability Working Group 
> Committed to net zero by 2050
> Set short-term climate investment targets
> Joined the Net Zero Asset Owners Alliance 
> Disclosed weighted average carbon 
intensity (WACI) & impact of climate 
scenarios across geographies
> Integrated climate risk into enterprise 
risk management
> Updated our Group Responsible 
Investment Policy
2018:
> Endorsed the TCFD 
recommendations
> Established ESG  
Executive Committee
> Eastspring became  
a PRI signatory
2020:
> Undertook scenario analysis 
and stress testing across 
three climate scenarios
> Disclosed material  
climate risks and responses
> New Group ESG  
Committee established
> Eastspring join  
Climate Action 100+
> Developed our  
new Group ESG  
Strategic Framework
2022:
> Initiated subtrack within 
NZAOA: Emerging Markets 
Transition Investment 
(EMTI) project 
–   EMTI published paper 
on recommendations of 
accelerating transition 
investment in EM
> Launched the ‘Just and 
Inclusive Transition’ paper 
articulating our view on  
the climate transition for  
our markets 
> Formulated sectoral  
climate views
> Further enhanced disclosure 
on metrics, including 
absolute financed emissions  
> Joined the Vietnam  
Just Energy Transition 
Partnership working group
2
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan prudentialplc.com
Foundations / continued
How to use this document
Prudential has been reporting on sustainability since 2016,  
and has published climate-related disclosures aligned with the 
recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) since 2019. 
This Climate Transition Plan should be read in conjunction with our 
2022 ESG Report and Annual Report, including our TCFD disclosures, 
which includes an analysis of our most material climate-related risks 
and opportunities.
Figure 1 sets out the interplay between this document, our TCFD 
disclosures and other relevant documents. Our full ESG reporting suite 
can be found here: www.prudentialplc.com/en/esg. 
Our Climate Transition Plan covers material aspects of our 
business and value chain, including our investments and operations, 
the former of which makes up over 99 per cent of our total carbon 
emissions footprint as currently measured.  
More information on the assumptions and methodologies utilised 
throughout can be found at the end of this document.
Figure 1: How this Climate Transition Plan fits into our wider ESG reporting suite
ESG Report, Annual Report
Responsible Investment and ESG policies
TCFD disclosure 
Overview of climate risk and 
opportunity indentification, 
management, strategy, 
metrics and targets.
Looking back:  
Review of activities 
undertaken during 2022.
Common elements 
Board and 
management oversight
Targets
Metrics
ESG strategy implentation
Climate transition plan 
Detail on how we are meeting 
our climate ambitions, 
including addressing the risks 
and opportunities identified in 
TCFD disclosure
Looking forward:  
How we will continue to meet 
our decarbonisation goals
Prudential plc 
Environmental, Social and 
Governance Report 2022
Creating a 
better future, 
together  
with you
 3
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan  
  The importance of a just and inclusive transition  
The International Labour Organization defines the just and 
inclusive transition as ‘greening the economy in a way that is as 
fair and inclusive as possible to everyone concerned, creating 
decent work opportunities and leaving no one behind’. 
Prudential’s view on ‘leaving no one behind when we green 
the economy’ is that a just and inclusive transition is relevant 
on two levels:
> All countries need to transition, and countries should not be left 
behind in this global transition, especially the most vulnerable 
ones; and
> Within countries, workers’ rights and livelihoods should be 
secured during the transition, for example securing jobs for 
coal workers in coal-dependent regions.
We strong believe that a just and inclusive transition is necessary 
for emerging markets. They are typically most vulnerable to 
the physical impacts of climate change, despite historically 
contributing less to the cumulative carbon emissions present 
in our atmosphere today. 
Additionally, although more dependent on fossil fuels for ongoing 
development, emerging markets have fewer resources to fund the 
transition to a low-carbon economy and manage the physical 
impact of climate change. This is further compounded by having 
the greatest unfinanced basic development needs, as reflected by 
the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). 
With Prudential’s operations and investments focused on markets 
in emerging economies across Asia and Africa, we are continuously 
mindful of the need to implement our decarbonisation strategy in 
a just and inclusive manner, promoting sustainable development 
for all stakeholders. 
More information can be found in our white paper, https://www.
prudentialplc.com/en/news-and-insights/insights/just-and-
inclusive-transition-paper#
Foundations / continued
Prudential plc 
October 2022
Supporting a just 
and inclusive transition
4
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan prudentialplc.com
Targets and progress 
Our long-term target is to become a net zero asset owner by 2050, in alignment with the Paris Agreement. We publicly committed to this in May 
2021, when we also joined the United Nations-convened Net Zero Asset Owner Alliance (NZAOA), a network of institutional investors committed 
to the decarbonisation of their portfolios. 
Our long-term target is supported by our shorter-term, interim climate targets:
Short-term target Progress up to end of 2022 2023 priorities
Deliver a 25 per cent 
reduction in the carbon 
emissions intensity of our 
investment portfolio by 2025 
against our 2019 baseline  
On track: by the end of 2022, we had reduced the weighted 
average carbon intensity (WACI) of our investment portfolio 
by 43 per cent
> Explore the next phase of our 
WACI target, aiming to develop 
a 2030 WACI reduction target 
by the end of 2024 as part of 
our NZAOA commitments.
> Refine source data inputs, 
including data from our asset 
managers and third-party 
providers.
Divest from all direct 
investments in businesses that 
derive more than 30 per cent 
of their income from coal, with 
equities to be fully divested 
from by the end of 2021 and 
fixed-income assets fully 
divested from by the end 
of 2022
Substantively completed: 
> In 2021, we fully achieved our divestment from coal equities 
> By the end of 2022, we had substantively completed our 
divestment from coal bonds with one holding remaining as a 
result of market conditions. We continue to seek opportunities 
to divest from the remaining holding and intend to do so as 
soon as practicable
> Maintain a watching brief on 
the suitability of our coal policy 
in alignment with our climate 
commitments and objective for 
a just and inclusive transition.
Engage with the companies 
responsible for 65 per cent of 
the absolute emissions in our 
investment portfolio
Fully met: This is a continuing annual target, which we have 
fully met in 2022 for the identified cohort of companies
> Work with Eastspring on 
implementing best practice 
engagement practices within 
our local markets, as defined by 
the work we undertook as part 
of the EMTI project.
> Continue to define sector-specific 
engagement and assessment 
techniques, including the 
exploration and development 
of specific tools to assess 
sector-specific aspects as they 
related to emerging markets.
Deliver a 25 per cent reduction 
in our operational emissions 
intensity from a 2016 baseline, 
abating the remaining 
emissions via carbon offsetting 
initiatives, to become carbon 
neutral across our Scope 1 and 
2 (market-based) emissions by 
the end of 2030
On track: We achieved an intensity ratio of 1.21 tCO2e/FTE for 
2022, keeping us ahead of the emissions reduction trajectory 
required to meet our 2030 target of 1.65 tCO2e/FTE
> Undertake an additional 
feasibility analysis of setting 
net zero operational targets, 
including further review of 
renewable energy certificates 
within our markets. 
In 2021, we fully divested from equities meeting the policy criteria, which we continue to monitor so as to maintain this divestment position. 
By the end of 2022, we had substantively completed our commitment to divest from coal bonds meeting the policy criteria: we had divested from 
97 per cent of the coal bonds held at 31 March 2021, the date used for our May 2021 commitment. Due to illiquidity in the market, we were unable 
to fully divest from one remaining holding of $12.1 million, which illustrates the degree of challenge in implementing a divestment strategy in our 
markets. We continue to seek opportunities to divest from the remaining holding and intend to do so as soon as practicable. We also continue to 
engage with the issuer on other options for us to divest from this holding as we believe we have set our coal policy in a just and inclusive manner. 
Since 31 December 2022, we have further divested from this coal bond.
Objectives and priorities
 5
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan  
We continue to keep all our climate targets under regular review to ensure they reflect current scientific data, remain appropriate for our markets 
and are aligned to our strategy around the pursuit of a just and inclusive transition.
Further detail on progress against our targets, including specific case examples can be found within the Climate and Responsible Investment 
sections of our 2022 ESG Report. 
In support of our climate ambition, and in alignment with our overall ESG and business strategy, we also pursue a broader range of climate-related 
objectives, which are built into the actions that we take. Some specific examples of outcomes related to these objectives across 2022 include:  
Objective  Outcomes 2023 priorities
Support a just and inclusive 
transition
> Published our ‘Supporting a Just and Inclusive Transition’ white 
paper, demonstrating our position and support for a transition 
towards a low carbon economy that leaves no country behind. 
> Hosted a policy roundtable led by our Group CEO in October 
2022 to share findings of our new white paper with academics, 
policymakers, NGOs and think tanks to discuss how the voices 
and realities of emerging markets can be profiled, particularly 
in the global policy context.
> Shared our view on the just and inclusive transition and the 
challenges for the energy transition in emerging markets at 
different speaking opportunities, including PRI in Person and 
the Singapore FinTech Festival.  
> Maintain engagement with 
external stakeholders to 
mainstream the challenges and 
perspectives of emerging markets.
> Support existing partnerships 
such as the NZAOA, Insurance 
Development Forum (IDF) and 
the United Nations High Level 
Champions team on themes of 
importance as we look ahead 
to COP28.
> Further explore our approach for 
using an internal carbon price to 
support a just and inclusive 
transition.
Promote accessible and 
inclusive products and services 
> Climate change will not only have material impact on physical 
assets, for example due to flooding, but will also impact 
people’s health and wellbeing, particularly within underserved 
and vulnerable populations. During 2022 we continued to 
develop and re-design our products and services, for example 
affordable products that address infectious diseases which are 
more prevalent due to climate change. More information can 
be found in the Climate section of the 2022 ESG report. 
> Continue to expand the coverage 
of offerings within our markets, 
working collaboratively across the 
business and with our stakeholders 
to meet the needs of our 
customers. 
Explore climate financing 
mechanisms for emerging 
markets
> In December 2022 we were announced as the insurance 
partner on the private sector working group for Vietnam’s 
Just Energy Transition Partnership (JETP).  
> Initiated and led a sub-track within the Net Zero Asset Owner 
Alliance (NZAOA) on ‘Financing the Transition in Emerging 
Markets’, which includes the Emerging Markets Transition 
Investment (EMTI) project. 
> Actively participate in the Just 
Energy Transition Partnership in 
Vietnam.
> Co-lead the financing transition 
track of the Net Zero Asset Owner 
Alliance which covers an emerging 
markets and blended finance 
subtrack. 
> Create partnerships of like-minded 
investors and stakeholder groups 
to identify and lobby governments 
for suitable climate supportive  
investment opportunities
Support research and 
development related to 
climate change and health 
> During 2022, Prudential embarked on a two-year research 
partnership with the Nanyang Technological University and 
its Earth Observatory of Singapore (EOS) Climate Impacts 
Initiative, focusing on 10 key Prudential markets across Asia 
and Africa. The research focuses on the relationship between 
air quality and the health impact on individuals. 
> Additionally, Prudential, via Prudence Foundation, is funding 
research by the International Federation of the Red Cross’s 
Climate Centre research into the compound health risks of heat, 
humidity and air pollution, and what effective early actions can 
be taken to reduce these risks. The findings from this research 
are expected to help inform product innovation and 
development opportunities.
> Socialise the findings from the 
Prudential EOS Climate Impacts 
Initiative with stakeholders 
across our key markets from April 
onwards, and considering where 
this may be relevant for product 
development.
> The Prudence Foundation 
and IFRC project will produce 
a scoping review of the current 
state of knowledge and the work 
will culminate in a pilot study of 
an early action plan to address 
heatwaves impacted by air 
pollution and humidity in an 
Asian city.  
Objectives and priorities / continued
6
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan prudentialplc.com
Our journey towards decarbonisation
The most material contributor to our carbon emissions is the footprint 
of our investment book, otherwise known as our Scope 3 category 15, 
financed emissions (see figure 2 below). As pledged in our net zero 
commitment, we seek to reduce these financed emissions to net zero 
by 2050, in line with required emissions reductions targets to reach a 
1.5 degree reduction in alignment with the Paris Agreement. This is 
supported by setting regular short-term targets, such as our target1 
to deliver a 25 per cent reduction in the carbon emissions intensity 
of our investment portfolio by 2025 against our 2019 baseline.
In order to meet this ambition, we are focusing on reducing the 
intensity and, ultimately, the absolute amount of financed emissions 
in respect of our investments. We use the weighted average carbon 
intensity (WACI) as a metric that allows us to compare progress in 
emissions intensity improvements on different portfolios. We use 
the WACI as a proxy for the transition risk in our investment portfolio: 
a higher WACI typically indicates that an investment portfolio has 
to transition more extensively to align with the Paris Agreement.  
As a data user, we are at the end of the data value chain, using 
data disclosed by investees to calculate our WACI through 
reporting frameworks such as the TCFD recommendations and 
CDP. As discussed in the Financial Stability Board’s 2022 TCFD 
status report2, which describes the global state of alignment of 
companies’ reporting with the TCFD recommendations, the 
TCFD-aligned reporting by region is notably lower across Asia and 
Africa, ie the regions where we operate. Data availability therefore 
remains an ongoing challenge. We continue to work with data 
providers and our asset managers to improve the availability of 
data. An increase in data coverage may have the impact of either 
raising or lowering the WACI of our investment portfolio if the profile 
of the new companies’ data is different to those already included in 
the current coverage. We expect such limitations to be overcome 
as more climate disclosures occur in these regions, potentially 
using established frameworks such as the TCFD or the 
anticipated standards from the International Sustainability 
Standards Board (ISSB).
We anticipate that our WACI reduction progress will be driven 
by different activities throughout our portfolio decarbonisation 
journey, taking place across the following phases (figure 3): 
1  Implementation of our responsible investment policy, including 
coal divestment and the implementation of WACI budgets to a 
number of our equity strategies;
2  Engagement and education with our investee companies as well 
as with other public and private stakeholders, both bilaterally and 
through collaborative mechanisms;
3  Decarbonisation by investee companies executing their 
decarbonisation strategies; and
4  Broader changes that occur as part of the whole economy 
transition, both at a local and international level.
To date, the WACI of our investment portfolio has declined by 
43 per cent compared with our 2019 baseline. The decline to date 
has been driven largely by the implementation of our coal policy, 
carbon intensity reductions made by our underlying investee 
companies, and the implementation of WACI budgets to a 
number of our equity strategies. 
However, we believe more lasting real-world impact can be achieved 
through financing the transition and engagement, rather than simply 
changing the portfolio to optimise our investment portfolio carbon 
footprint. Therefore, we do not anticipate that our portfolio 
decarbonisation will continue at the same pace going forward. 
In collaboration with our asset management and asset owner 
businesses, we continue to develop further climate-related 
metrics. During 2022, we reviewed peers’ practice and industry 
recommendations regarding forward-looking metrics, such as 
Climate Value at Risk (C-VAR) and implied temperature risk (ITR). 
We have identified that these metrics are appropriate for internal 
use, although they have limitations surrounding data availability – 
particularly in the markets in which we operate and invest in – and 
the level of assumptions they require. We will continue to develop 
our internal understanding of these new metrics, while considering 
disclosing them externally, once these shortcomings can be 
appropriately overcome or mitigated.
1  See the methodologies section for assumptions underlying these targets.
2 https://assets.bbhub.io/company/sites/60/2022/10/2022-TCFD-Status-Report.pdf
3  Includes Scope 3 categories: 3 (fuel- and energy-related activities, 5 (waste generated in 
operations) and 6 (business travel).
Objectives and priorities / continued
Figure 2: Prudential’s carbon emission profile as at 
31 December 2022
0.63%
0.23%
99.14%
  Scope 1 and 2 
  Scope 3 excluding category 153 
  Scope 3 category 15 
 7
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan  
Objectives and priorities / continued
*Net Zero Asset Owner Alliance (NZAOA), of which we are a member
Targets key
  Investments      Operations
Figure 3: Phased approach to achieving net zero
Phase 1: 
Implementing 
our Responsible 
Investment Policy
Phase 2:
Engagement 
and education
Phase 3: 
Decarbonisation by underlying 
investee companies
Phase 4: 
Whole economy transition
Focusng on executing 
our policy including 
coal divestment, WACI 
budgets within equity 
strategies and 
corporate engagement
Strengthening 
our engagement 
with investee 
companies and 
stakeholders, both 
bilaterally and 
through collaborate 
mechanisms
Continuing to encourage and 
influence decarbonisation by our 
underlying investee companies in 
line with the Paris Agreement
Broader changes that occur as part of 
the whole economy transition, both at 
a local and international level
2050
net zero 
2040203020252019
Baseline for
investments
2016
Baseline for 
operations
100%
100%
25%
reduction
Carbon 
neutral
Scope 1 & 2
40% 
– 60%
NZAOA* 
target range 
required
Net  
Zero
8
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan prudentialplc.com
Objectives and priorities / continued
Looking ahead
There is significant effort required to become a net zero asset owner 
by 2050. The journey towards a net zero economy requires large-scale 
transformation, including for those companies held within our 
investment portfolio. 
We are aware that climate data and decarbonisation 
information and methodologies are continuously evolving areas, 
and acknowledge there are unknowns which may arise in the future. 
We are also aware that we do not yet have all of the answers, and 
have more work to do to continuously evolve our transition plan 
development and execution over time. As such, we are committed 
to maintaining our focus on areas of development both internally 
and externally, updating our approach as required, and reporting 
on progress. Specific areas of focus over the next few years are set 
out in Figure 4, and include: 
Data coverage and quality
> Improve data coverage and quality: We continually seek to 
increase the coverage and quality of our Scope 3 investment 
book data. As a data user, we are at the end of the data value 
chain, using data disclosed by investees through reporting 
frameworks, such as the TCFD recommendations and CDP. 
We continue to work with data providers and our asset 
managers to improve both the availability and quality of data.
> Scope 3, categories 1-14: Beyond our financed emissions, further 
develop the coverage of our Scope 3 value chain emissions; in 
particular, assessing our supply chain emissions and initiatives to 
reduce these.
> Forward-looking metrics: Continue to consider forward-looking 
metrics both for internal use and external disclosure.
Decarbonisation targets1 and pathways
> Update our WACI target: Set a 2030 decarbonisation target by 
the end of 2024, in line with the NZAOA Protocol requirements, as 
well as continuing to map out our longer-term decarbonisation 
trajectory in line with our 2050 net zero commitment. 
> Expand asset classes and sectoral pathways: Expand our 
monitoring to further asset classes (such as sovereign bonds) as 
methodologies develop, and continue to develop sector-specific 
decarbonisation pathways.
> Explore operational targets: Further investigate the feasibility 
of setting net zero operational targets, taking into account current 
challenges and the constraints of renewable energy availability 
within our markets.
> Consider emerging topics: Develop a view on how 
emerging topics, such as nature and biodiversity, may impact 
our decarbonisation strategy and our overall approach to 
climate change.
Climate-related opportunities
> Climate financing within emerging markets: Explore innovative 
opportunities to finance the transition in a just and inclusive 
manner. In particular, we are focused on opportunities to create 
real-world impact within emerging markets, such as blended 
finance and financing mechanisms to accelerate the move away 
from fossil fuels (eg coal retirement). 
> Internal carbon price: Investigate how we use carbon pricing 
consistently internally. After developing an initial internal view on 
carbon pricing, we will seek to further develop and agree on the 
methodology for setting an internal carbon price, by socialising 
and educating our internal stakeholders on what an internal 
carbon price is and how Prudential could use it in a consistent 
manner for operations and investments.
> Additional internal and external opportunities: In line with  
our broader climate and TCFD strategy, continue to explore and 
execute upon relevant climate-related opportunities, such as those 
relating to our customers and digital services, climate-related 
health products and services, and employee initiatives.
Engagement
> Further evolve our engagement approach: Further develop  
an engagement approach covering corporate engagement and 
asset manager engagement, to focus on appropriate sector-
specific and emerging market engagement approaches to 
maximise our real-world impact. This includes working closely  
with our asset managers to adopt our approach towards 
responsible investment within emerging markets.
> Localised responsible investment approaches: Continue  
to develop localised, market-specific responsible investment 
approaches to help to address specific local challenges and 
opportunities. These approaches will supplement the Group 
Responsible Investment policy.
Policy and advocacy
> Collaboration opportunities: Further explore opportunities to 
collaborate and partner with both private and public entities on 
adaptation and transition financing, similar to our involvement  
in the Vietnam JETP Working Group. 
> Policy engagement: Continue to engage with other financial 
market participants, local regulators and standard setters to 
further the development of localised frameworks that support 
responsible investment in emerging markets. 
> Advocacy opportunities: Advocate for climate transition within 
emerging markets and other opportunities at COP and similar 
climate events during 2023 and beyond. 
1  See the methodologies section for assumptions underlying these targets.
 9
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan  
Figure 4: Looking ahead in evolving our transition planning approach
Remainder 2023 2024 2025+
Data quality and 
coverage
Increase coverage and quality of investment book emissions data 
Continue developing forward-looking 
metrics for internal and external use
Implement forward-looking 
metrics into external reporting 
Expand Scope 3 upstream coverage
Decarbonisation targets 
and pathways
Evaluate updated WACI target options Revise WACI 
target
Implement additional actions to 
achieve revised WACI target
Expand asset classes and sectoral pathways
Consider further operational emissions 
targets
Explore emerging topics including nature and 
biodiversity 
Climate-related 
opportunities
Identify and support development of climate financing within emerging markets
Further investigate usages of internal 
carbon price
Implement agreed upon 
carbon pricing usages
Continue exploring and executing internal and external opportunities, including those related to our 
products and services, customers and our employees 
Engagement Further develop updated engagement 
approach 
Continue developing localised engagement approaches 
Policy and advocacy Explore further collaboration opportunities on transition and adaptation financing 
Continued policy engagement
Advocacy opportunities focused on emerging markets at COP and other climate-related events
We will continually monitor our Climate Transition Plan progress, specifically the delivery of our climate-related targets, and provide 
periodic updates on progress. Further detail of progress against our targets and implementation strategies in 2022 can be found within  
our 2022 ESG Report, and future releases of our ESG reporting suite. 
Objectives and priorities / continued
10
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan prudentialplc.com
  Target ambition and the nuances of emerging markets   
Emerging markets face significant challenges in decarbonisation 
due to a higher dependence on fossil fuels combined with increased 
economic growth, insufficient resources to finance the transition as 
well as other unfinanced basic development needs. Aligned with our 
approach to a just and inclusive transition, it is our preference that 
we engage with companies to work with them to overcome such 
challenges. Part of this approach is reflecting the nuances of country 
decarbonisation pathways, which may take place at different paces 
and via different mechanisms than the global decarbonisation 
pathways typically utilised by international standards. 
During 2022, as part of our ongoing review of our climate targets, we 
undertook an internal review of the Science Based Targets initiative 
(SBTi) and engaged with the SBTi to understand their view of the 
methodology’s application in emerging markets. The SBTi uses 
global decarbonisation targets and pathways for their verification 
which do not distinguish between the differing needs for emerging 
markets and developed markets. Aligned with our approach to a just 
and inclusive transition, we believe it is critical that we engage 
with countries and companies to work with them to overcome 
their transition challenges. A part of this approach is reflecting the 
nuances of the challenges faced by specific countries, for example 
in balancing economic growth and decarbonisation. This leads to 
differences in pace of decarbonisation as accepted in the Paris 
agreement through the ‘common but differentiated responsibilities’ 
principle, which we try to integrate in our Responsible Investment 
approach and articulated in our Just and Inclusive Transition paper. 
We continue to engage with the SBTi and monitor its publications to 
explore how the methodology can be appropriately applied in our 
markets, in a manner that is consistent with the needs of emerging 
markets and our broader philosophy.
We will maintain a watching brief on the suitability and ambition 
of our climate targets, while both continuing to hold ourselves to 
account as a large asset owner and maintaining our approach to 
a just and inclusive transition.
 11
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan  
Implementation and 
engagement strategy
To deliver our net zero commitment we will focus on the areas 
where we can have the biggest impact, using our influence as 
an asset owner and asset manager.  
We aim to do this while prioritising a just and inclusive transition in 
line with our ESG strategy and overall business model. We believe 
that it is critical to respond to the challenge of transitioning towards 
a low carbon economy in a way that reflects both geographical and 
sectoral challenges, as well as considering the social implications of 
our plans. Prudential is focused on real-world impact that is 
meaningful for our stakeholders.  
Given the cross-functional strategy required to support the climate 
transition, we are coordinating our efforts across four key areas: 
> Our responsible investment activities; 
> Our products and services;
> Industry engagement and advocacy; and
> Within our own operations.
As an asset owner, the most significant lever we can utilise for 
portfolio decarbonisation is our  responsible investment activity. 
By focusing our energy and resources in this area we can have the 
most material and real-world impact, and our engagement and 
implementation strategy reflects this. 
While full progress on our overall ESG, climate and Responsible 
Investment strategies can be found in our 2022 ESG Report, the 
section below highlights these strategic areas in which we 
differentiate our approach towards decarbonisation.
Responsible Investment
Financial institutions have a clear role to play in the transition towards 
a net zero economy. Encouraging and assisting portfolio companies 
to adopt a low carbon pathway and operating model via our 
influence as an asset owner is mutually beneficial.  
We are aligned with the NZAOA view that doing so is the best climate 
risk mitigation strategy that investors – individually or collectively 
– can put in place. 
Prudential is uniquely positioned as both a global and a local asset 
owner, which affects our approach towards decarbonisation and 
engagement, as well as how we work with our asset managers. 
Our position as a local asset owner within many emerging markets 
in Asia and Africa means we invest the majority of our assets within 
the countries where we operate. We believe that this development 
of capital markets is a positive societal contribution. As we seek to 
hedge local insurance liabilities with local assets, we are likely to be 
a significant buyer of local market securities, often government or 
state-controlled entities. By assisting governments to develop 
sustainable and efficient securities markets, we can help to reduce 
the cost of investment funding across society. This should create 
more opportunities for economic growth, levels of employment 
and employment incomes. Over time, we see similar opportunities 
to apply these same basic principles around green finance, and 
potentially ‘crowd in’ further investment flows, helping to create 
a virtuous circle to support a just and inclusive transition.  
While our role as local asset owner has these benefits from a capital 
market growth perspective, it also means we must take very specific 
local circumstances into account as we support the transition from 
today’s starting point. From a financial perspective, local markets 
remain smaller and less diversified than the global financial market, 
which means we have fewer opportunities to change our portfolio. 
From a climate change perspective, it is important to realise that 
companies operating within emerging markets are often more 
carbon intensive, and have a different starting point for 
decarbonisation. This means we must accept a higher initial 
baseline for decarbonisation, and explore and implement a wider 
variety of strategies to achieve the ultimate goal of net zero.
We employ six different implementation strategies  
(see figure 5) to support our ESG and decarbonisation targets for  
our investment portfolio, which are described comprehensively in  
our 2022 ESG Report. The section below sets out more detail on our 
policy implementation and engagement strategy, which we believe 
will be critical to achieving our decarbonisation targets.  
Screening the 
portfolio 
Maintaining an 
awareness of the 
potential risks to the 
Group’s reputation 
arising from 
investment activities 
Exclusion 
Excluding a 
company from  
the investment  
portfolio if its 
products or conduct 
is considered to be 
unacceptable 
ESG integration 
Incorporation of 
ESG information 
into our parts of the 
investment process: 
> Asset allocation
> Manager selection
> Portfolio 
management
> Risk management
Active 
ownership 
Maintaining a 
dialogue with the 
companies in which 
we invest about 
ESG risks and 
opportunities 
Voting policy that 
supports long -term 
performance by 
taking account of 
relevant ESG issues 
Capital 
allocation 
Shifting capital 
from harmful 
activities towards 
environmental or 
social needs 
> Portfolio 
decarbonisation
> ESG  investments
Market influence 
Influencing the 
market with regard 
to responsible 
investment by 
contributing to 
sustainable 
initiatives 
Figure 5: Our six implementation strategies
12
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan prudentialplc.com
Corporate engagement
We believe that the biggest area of influence we can have is 
via effective engagement with our portfolio companies, to 
encourage broad scale decarbonisation strategy development 
and implementation. We strongly believe in engagement versus 
divestment, where this is feasible. Our concern is that divestment 
will only further increase the already large financing gap that exists 
within emerging markets. In line with our support for the just and 
inclusive transition, we aim to influence decarbonisation without 
compromising social and economic development, on which 
divestment can have such unintended consequences.  
Eastspring has developed a process to meet our target of engaging 
with the companies responsible for 65 per cent of the absolute 
carbon footprint of our investment portfolio. These engagement 
requests are aligned with the recommendations of the NZAOA, 
including requests: 
> To immediately put into place policies and transition plans that 
commit the company to net-zero GHG emissions across their value 
chains by no later than 2050 and to be supportive of the transition 
to a net-zero GHG emissions world by 2050;
> To accelerate progress towards full ‘green’ on the CA100+ Net Zero 
Company Benchmark indicators, or, if not a CA100+ target 
company, to still meet all its expectations;
> To set science-based near-term GHG reduction targets that are in 
line with reaching net-zero emissions by 2050, and consistent with 
maximum 1.5°C of warming;
> To develop and implement plans for their businesses to remain 
viable in a carbon neutral economy, with meaningful consideration 
of associated social impacts;
> To support the adoption and implementation of governmental 
policies that facilitate the transition to net-zero emissions;
> To support, prepare for and not disrupt pricing mechanisms on 
GHG emissions;
> To take action and make progress on efforts to lower GHG emission 
intensity of their operations and products;
> To disclose their efforts and progress on decarbonisation in line 
with the four core elements of TCFD recommendations; and
> To enter into direct time-bound engagement dialogue with 
Alliance members and/or other investor initiatives to discuss 
efforts to decarbonise their business by 2050.
We utilise the NZAOA engagement requests framework and adapt 
our requests to the specific circumstances of our investee companies 
in a way that will best drive engagement and ultimately 
decarbonisation. 
An update on our progress on company engagement in 2022 can be 
found in the Responsible Investment section of our 2022 ESG report. 
Implementing a local engagement approach
While climate change is a global problem, the majority of carbon 
intensive industries are very local – and, therefore, require local 
solutions. As a local asset owner, we have a combination of local 
businesses that can invest both globally and locally. We believe 
we are well positioned to have a positive local influence through 
this avenue.  
For this to be successful, we believe in implementing a local 
engagement approach within emerging markets. This means actively 
engaging with companies in a constructive way that acknowledges 
the specific circumstances and complexity of challenges. Where 
feasible, we aim to include local portfolio managers in corporate 
engagements in that country; recognising the benefits of a shared 
language, culture and experience. 
As part of the Emerging Markets Transition Investment (EMTI) 
project that we started within the NZAOA, we helped develop the 
paper ‘Call for Action on Responsible Corporate Engagement in 
Emerging Markets’. This sets out the following guiding principles 
for responsible and effective engagement in emerging markets: 
1  Establish a local approach with an appreciation for the 
complexity and variation of challenges; 
2  Integrate the ‘common but differentiated responsibilities’ 
principle of the Paris Agreement into the engagement approach, 
by adjusting asks to locally specific social factors and the aspects 
around just transition.’
3  Be prepared for ongoing engagement, with sustained dialogue to 
build trust;  
4  Commit to knowledge sharing between global and local investors; 
and   
5 B e flexible with the engagement ask – consider the practicalities 
around ambitious target setting. 
We are aiming to further develop our strategy on engagement which 
outlines our specific approach, and also includes policy engagement. 
We are also seeking to develop market-specific responsible 
investment approaches which will supplement the Group Responsible 
Investment policy. These approaches will be more focused on the 
specific challenges and opportunities in the local market, and aim to 
play to our specific strengths in each market. 
Implementation and engagement strategy / continued
 13
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan  
Implementation and engagement strategy / continued
Sectoral decarbonisation
During 2022, we established an internal cross-functional sectoral 
decarbonisation working group with the aim of formulating sectoral 
approaches to inform investment decisions and engagement on 
climate change, particularly within emerging markets. 
The working group explored a range of sectoral decarbonisation 
pathways and toolkits, and chose the Transition Pathway Initiative 
(TPI) which allows the assessment of companies based on an 
IEA-aligned 1.5°C scenario, a below 2°C scenario, and a national 
pledges scenario. As data coverage across emerging markets can be 
a challenge for Prudential, we commenced the development of an 
internal tool to complement the TPI tool. When it is ready, the tool will 
be made available across the organisation, including to investment 
teams within the local businesses. 
Additionally, the working group assessed sectoral engagement 
questions from leading industry sources. Based on this analysis, they 
focused on developing a list of sector-specific engagement questions 
for the utilities sector, designed to elicit a higher quality engagement 
response, and ultimately improve the decarbonisation progress. 
Moving forward, the working group will aim to formulate further 
sector-specific engagement approaches for the five most carbon 
intensive sectors in the investment portfolio.  
Industry engagement and advocacy
With operations exclusively in Asia and Africa, we are well placed to 
bring an emerging markets perspective to stakeholder discussions, to 
help ensure the need for a just and inclusive transition in developing 
markets is considered across the industry, and in a policy and 
regulatory context.  
In 2022 we built on our existing outreach and focus, bringing an 
emerging market perspective to our wide range of policy discussions 
on the role of the finance community in a transition to a net-zero 
world. 
Policy and regulatory engagement
We regularly engage with regulators and monitor evolving climate 
risk-related initiatives that could develop into new regulation in the 
markets in which we operate. We consider the transition to a low 
carbon economy to be essential and we engage constructively with 
trade associations, policymakers and NGOs to shape the evolution of 
regulation and standards relating to climate risk and transition. From 
a financing perspective, we are working bilaterally and multi-laterally 
to engage our stakeholders to support these journeys. This includes 
support on transitional finance for markets that are at a different 
stage of their journey from more developed markets.  
We believe that work on blended finance will be of increasing interest 
to policymakers in Asia and Africa in 2023 and beyond, and we will 
seek to build out our work in this area. In December 2022 we were 
announced as the insurance partner on the private sector working 
group for Vietnam’s Just Energy Transition Partnership (JETP), and we 
are proud to be supporting the country with their ambitious net zero 
targets. We look forward to supporting the deepening of Vietnam’s 
capital market, including the mobilisation of domestic finance for the 
country’s inclusive transition.
For a more comprehensive update on specific activities and initiatives 
relating to our policy and regulatory engagement during the year, 
please see our 2022 ESG Report. 
Net Zero Asset Owners Alliance
In 2021, Prudential joined the NZAOA – a network of institutional 
investors committed to the decarbonisation of their asset portfolios 
– to facilitate greater collaboration with global peers. As an active 
member, and one of the only members with an emerging market 
footprint, we support their wider policy and outreach work. 
In 2022, Prudential’s continued focus has helped to ensure that 
emerging markets feature more prominently in NZAOA discussions, 
including a focus on the energy transition and climate solutions for 
emerging markets. In 2022, we supported specific NZAOA sub-tracks, 
including the Financing the Transition in Emerging Markets subtrack, 
which we initiated and lead. Within this subtrack, we started the 
Emerging Markets Transition Investment (EMTI) project, with the 
objective of accelerating investment towards the net-zero transition 
of emerging markets. Full details of our involvement and progress in 
2022 can be found within our 2022 ESG Report. 
Looking ahead to 2023, we will be taking more of a leadership role 
in NZAOA’s emerging market thematic workstreams. In 2023, 
Prudential will be co-lead of the Financing Transition track, and 
will take a more active role in this important area.  
   Capital allocation and the bias against 
investing in emerging markets    
Prudential’s ‘Supporting a Just and  Inclusive Transition’ 
paper highlights that current ESG investment frameworks can 
unintentionally create biases against investing in emerging 
markets. This is in part because companies and countries are 
often judged on their alignment to one global decarbonisation 
pathway, which typically differentiates between sectors, but 
not between countries or the state of economic development. 
Additionally, companies within emerging markets are often 
more carbon intensive, which may increase an investor’s carbon 
footprint, even if that investment is used positively to finance 
the energy transition. In the implementation of some 
decarbonisation strategies this becomes apparent: the allocation 
towards emerging markets is lower compared to the broader 
benchmark. 
As we also try to decarbonise our portfolio through capital 
allocation, we are actively monitoring to ensure we do not create 
these biases in our portfolio. The set-up of our asset allocation 
process, which includes a regional allocation, reduces this risk. 
14
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan prudentialplc.com
Products and services 
As part of our climate and overall business strategy, we are working 
towards exploring more climate-related opportunities, particularly 
with regards to new and existing products and services to support 
efforts to transition towards a net zero pathway. Climate change is 
creating opportunities for new savings and insurance products:
> New savings products could incorporate investment in green 
bonds, transition financing and adaptation financing; 
> New health and protection products need to reflect the impact 
of climate change on human health via changes in the frequency, 
severity and emergence of certain diseases, such as the dengue 
cover we currently provide; and 
> Recognising that financial security at all levels is a climate 
adaptation measure, we are actively developing inclusive insurance 
products, which include  more products for underserved sections of 
the market.
During 2022, we established a new framework to classify ESG 
investments (figure 6) and intend to increasingly allocate Prudential 
assets to ESG- and UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDG)-
promoted funds over time where we have mandate (ie, in our 
investment portfolio), subject to appropriate investment governance. 
This builds upon our ESG screening process, for which Prudential has 
integrated a minimum threshold on ESG into its investment 
management agreements for mandates. 
From a climate change perspective, considerations for our products 
and services include: 
> Market and geographical relevance: Considering the 
applicability of the opportunity within an emerging market 
context. Is this something that can be scaled across multiple 
regions, or does it require a market and/or geographical-specific 
approach?
> Just and inclusive transition: Ensuring that the principles of a just 
and inclusive transition are considered, with thought given to the 
social implications and any unintended consequences.  
> Real-world impact: In exploring opportunities and evaluating 
action, we consider the real-world impact. We seek to contribute 
to tangible progress on decarbonisation, in a way that makes 
sense to the communities in which we operate, our customers, 
and our investors. 
Eastspring invests in labelled bonds issued by companies, when 
suitable investment opportunities are available. Labelled bonds 
include green bonds, and are considered by Eastspring only where the 
companies produce documentation that funding provided solely funds 
sustainable alternatives. These exist where investee companies issue a 
debt instrument that finances decarbonisation targets, and is certified 
by a globally recognised standard. As of December 2022, Eastspring’s 
portfolio contained $1.5 billion in green bonds, a 25 per cent increase 
from FY21.  
In the future, Prudential may consider setting targets around the 
proportion of its assets to be classified as ESG- or SDG-promoted. 
These targets would be set with full consideration of investment 
objectives, risk tolerance and overall strategy. Further information 
can be found in our 2022 ESG Report. 
Objective:  
Risk/return and minimum 
threshold on ESG
Prudential has continued 
to integrate a minimum 
threshold on ESG into its 
investment management 
agreements for mandates. 
Eastspring classifies a range of strategies, developed in 2022, as 
ESG promoted. These are funds managed against one or more 
ESG KPIs, such as a lower carbon footprint, a lower exposure to 
fossil fuel reserves, and gender diversity indicators.
In 2022, Prudential introduced WACI budgets into certain 
current funds or mandates, which allows these funds to be 
considered as ESG promoted. A phased approach for WACI 
budgets into current funds and mandates was approved by the 
Group ESG Committee during mid-2022, subject to appropriate 
investment governance. 
Eastspring is currently 
developing funds with 
the objective of targeting 
alignment with the UN 
SDGs. These funds will 
look at investing in listed 
companies that have 
evidence of addressing one 
or more UN SDGs through 
their products and services. 
Objective:  
Specific ESG objective  
alongside risk/return
Objective:  
SDG alignment  
alongside risk/return
ESG 
screened
ESG 
promoted
SDG 
promoted
Figure 6: Framework to classify ESG investments 
Implementation and engagement strategy / continued
  Policies and exclusions     
Our coal policy is to divest from all direct investments in 
businesses that derive more than 30 per cent of their income 
from coal (whether mining or energy production). Our coal policy 
was set to balance our stewardship duties in emerging markets, 
while also allowing companies in those markets to phase out coal 
in a just and inclusive manner, as discussed in our ‘Supporting a 
Just and Inclusive Transition’ white paper. We maintain a 
watching brief on the suitability of our existing policies and 
exclusions, as well as other potential areas related to the net zero 
transition, such as nature and biodiversity.
 15
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan  
Implementation and engagement strategy / continued
Our own operations 
We seek to actively reduce our direct impact on the environment 
in line with our purpose of improving the lives of our customers and 
their communities. To understand our impact, we measure our 
environmental performance and take action to improve our 
performance.  
We have set a target to become carbon neutral across our Scope 1 
and 2 (market-based) emissions by the end of 2030. We aim to 
deliver a 25 per cent reduction per full time employee (FTE) in our 
operational emissions from a 2016 baseline, and abate the 
remaining emissions via carbon offsetting initiatives. As of 2022, 
we are ahead of the emissions reduction trajectory required to 
meet our 2030 target. 
We are continuing to explore the feasibility of setting operational 
net-zero targets, which is currently difficult due to the lack of 
renewable energy available within the markets that we operate. 
However, it may be possible in the future, through  mechanisms 
such as renewable energy certificates.   
During 2021, we carried out a review of our Scope 3 emissions  in 
accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and Partnership for 
Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF). It considered all 15 Scope 3 
categories and provided us a better understanding of which areas of 
our value chain contribute most significantly to our overall emissions 
footprint. For 2022, we focused on improving the data quality for the 
categories we already report. Moving forward, we seek to keep this 
under review and explore expansions of further Scope 3 categories, 
such as our extended supply chain. 
  Carbon offsets      
Although we have an operational carbon neutral target, it is 
our strategy to decarbonise where possible before purchasing 
offsets. Importantly, offsets do not form a part of our core 
decarbonisation strategy. As the fall in our 2022 emissions 
continues to be ahead of the reduction trajectory required to 
meet our 2030 target for Scope 1 and 2 emissions, we have 
not purchased any carbon offsets for Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
in 2022. We continue to keep our policy around the use of 
offsets under review and revisit the purchase of offsets on 
an annual basis. 
16
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan prudentialplc.com
Prudential’s relevant climate-related metrics can be found in the table below. For our progress against our short- and longer-term targets, 
please see the Objectives and priorities section of this report. 
Movement in metrics  2022 2021
Target-related metrics
WACI 219 * 296 
Holdings in companies with more than 30 per cent of 
revenue from coal
Substantially divested  
from bonds
Fully divested from equities 
Engagement with the companies responsible for 65 per cent 
of the absolute emissions in our investment portfolio
Reviewed 100% 
Engaged 100%
Reviewed 44%  
Engaged 31%
Operational emissions intensity (tCO2e/FTE) 1.21 1.47
Our own operations
Scope 1 (tCO2e) 1,645* 1,481
Scope 2 – market-based (tCO2e) 16,938* 19,986
Scope 2 – location based (tCO2e) 19,880* 21,547
Scope 3 (upstream activities)† (tCO2e) 9,487* 8,793
Our financed emissions
Scope 3: Downstream activities (financed emissions)  (tCO2e) 3,100,000* 4,700,000 
Further relevant metrics
Coverage for WACI and financed emissions 67% 69%
*  Within the scope of EY assurance – for further information, see the ‘Scope 3 emissions review’ section of our 2022 ESG report and the Basis of Reporting which notes those Scope 3 categories  
that were within the scope of EY assurance 
†  Includes Scope 3 categories: 3 (fuel- and energy-related activities, 5 (waste generated in operations) and 6 (business travel). 
For more information on our climate and other ESG metrics, including progress and case studies, please see our 2022 ESG Report. 
Metrics 
 17
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan  
Board and management oversight 
ESG governance overview
The Board considers ESG to be integrated and aligned with our 
core business strategy of protecting people’s wealth, helping them 
grow their assets, and empowering them to save for their goals. It 
recognises the major role that Prudential can continue to play across 
Asia and Africa, as well as in the long-term success, resilience and 
health of the communities in which we operate. As such, ESG matters, 
including climate change, are overseen by the Board, which is 
responsible for determining overall strategy and prioritisation of 
key focus areas, and monitoring risk. More information on the 
composition and competencies of our Board can be found in the 
Governance section of our 2022 Annual Report.
The Board Responsibility and Sustainability Working Group (RSWG), 
established in January 2021, continued during 2022. In July 2022, 
the responsibilities of the RSWG were re-positioned to focus on 
customer, culture and digital, in addition to people and community 
matters. Oversight responsibilities for environmental and climate-
related issues, and the ongoing implementation of the Group’s 
external commitments to the decarbonisation of its operations 
and investment portfolio and other climate-focused external 
responsible investment commitments were transferred to the Group 
Risk Committee (GRC). Their terms of reference were amended to 
ensure a holistic approach to these climate-related topics. The GRC’s 
additional responsibilities extend to external reporting, via the ESG 
Report, where it relates to those areas within its remit, including 
monitoring the progress of the Group’s reporting against the 
recommendations of the Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD).  
Following this transition, an exercise was completed to map 
the material climate and climate-commitment-related activities 
which support the GRC’s new responsibilities, and the supporting 
governance arrangements. The supporting management 
information and frequency has also been reviewed. 
In addition to regular course discussion, to further enhance strategic 
Board-level discussions on climate, a dedicated climate deep-dive 
session was also held with the Board in September 2022. Following 
discussions at the Board on our approach to climate change, the 
progress towards the Group’s externally communicated climate-
related commitments, climate-related opportunities and the evolving 
expectations of stakeholders, the Board agreed on the need for clear 
communication around Prudential’s role in emerging markets. The 
latter point has been supported by the publication of Prudential’s 
Supporting a Just and Inclusive Transition white paper, which sets out 
the Group’s approach to ensuring the transition to a low-carbon 
economy considers all countries, economies and worker populations 
by raising awareness on the country-specific challenges for emerging 
markets in the energy transition.
Management oversight 
ESG activity, including the impacts from climate change, is overseen 
at a management level by the Group ESG Committee, which was 
chaired by the Group Chief Executive in his role as ESG sponsor. Other 
members of the Committee are the Group Chief Financial Officer, the 
Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer, the Group HR Director, both 
the Chief Executive and CIO of Eastspring, and the Chief Executive of 
PACS (Prudential’s Singapore business). During 2022, the Group ESG 
Committee was strengthened by the inclusion of the recently-
appointed Group Chief Information Officer and Group Corporate 
Affairs Director. From 26 February 2023, the Group ESG Committee 
is chaired by the Group Chief Financial Officer.
One of the Group ESG Committee’s responsibilities is to oversee the 
Group’s progress towards fulfilling our commitment to report against 
the recommendations of the TCFD. In 2022, the Group ESG 
Committee reported to the Board through the RSWG, as highlighted 
in figure 7.
Governance
18
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan prudentialplc.com
Governance / continued
Figure 7: Governance of ESG, including climate change, during 2022
INFORMINGREPORTING
REPORTING
REPORTING
REPORTING
REPORTING
INFORMING
INFORMING
INFORMING
INFORMING
INFORMING
 > Oversees all aspects of ESG, including people, culture and 
communities, with ultimate responsibility for determining 
strategy and prioritisation of key focus areas
 > Provides rigorous challenge to management on progress 
against goals and targets
 > Ensures the Group maintains an effective  
risk management framework, including  
over climate-related risks and opportunities
Group Risk Committee
 > Meeting frequency in 2022: six times 
 > Oversight responsibilities for environmental and 
climate-related issues
 > Oversees implementation of external climate-focused 
commitments  
 > Reviews climate-related information presented within 
the ESG report 
 > Oversees the Group’s ongoing commitment relating 
to TCFD
 > Supports the ESG strategy by ensuring the risks, including 
climate-related risks and opportunities, people and culture 
are effectively managed
Board Responsibility and Sustainability  
Working Group
 > Meeting frequency in 2022: five times
 > Oversees the embedding of the Group’s ESG strategy, 
focusing on customer, culture, digital, people and 
community matters
Group Audit Committee
 > Meeting frequency in 2022: eight times 
 > Oversees the Group’s Annual Report and Accounts, 
of which the ESG report is an integral part 
 > Oversees whistle-blowing programme
Remuneration Committee
 > Meeting frequency in 2022: six times 
 > Supports the ESG strategy through alignment of 
the Group’s incentive plan to external ESG targets
The Chief Executive has responsibility for implementation of the Group’s ESG strategy, including people, culture and climate 
change risks and opportunities, with support from the executive management team
 > Operational responsibility for oversight of Responsible 
Investment activity 
 > Co-chaired by Group CIO and Eastspring CIO  
 > Members include local business CIOs
The local businesses support the implementation of the Group’s ESG strategy,  
including climate change risks and opportunities
 > Focused on the holistic assessment of  
ESG matters, including climate change,  
that are material to the Group 
 > Chaired in 2022 by Group CEO, and from  
February 2023 by Group CFO
 > Members include asset owner and asset manager CEOs, 
Group CRCO, and Group CHRO
 > Share Group processes and practices on communications 
and reporting of ESG-related matters
 > Focus on knowledge sharing to support developing and 
embedding of local business ESG strategies consistent 
with the Group strategy 
 > Chaired by Director of Group ESG 
 > Members include local business ESG leads 
and other specialists 
PSAG is focused on execution and  
is not part of formal governance
Prudential plc 
Board
Local businesses
The Board 
delegates specific 
ESG, including 
climate change, 
oversight matters 
to its committees
Chief Executive and 
Management Team
Group Responsible 
Investment Advisory 
Committee (GRIAC)
Group ESG 
Committee
Prudential 
Sustainability 
Advisory 
Group (PSAG)
REPORTING
 19
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan  
Skills and culture 
The success of our transition towards a low carbon economy is closely 
linked to the training and education of our employees, right up to 
Board level, and how we integrate climate-related issues into our 
culture across the business. 
In September 2022, recognising the need to maintain focus on 
climate as a key topic of importance, the Board took part in a climate 
deep-dive. This was an interactive session that focused on current 
and emerging climate-related topics, including climate-related 
issues within emerging markets, evolving regulatory and disclosure 
requirements, increasing stakeholder expectations, and climate-
related opportunities. As part of the preparation for this session, 
materials were made available to the Board from Chapter Zero, 
of which our Chair and Chair of the GRC are members. 
During the year, we also conducted a range of formal and informal 
climate-related education and engagement sessions for employees 
across our business. We sought to build awareness with employee 
activities such as Climate Week, where we posted interviews with 
senior team members working in climate-related roles. A number of 
our businesses have also rolled out climate and ESG training modules. 
We are cognisant of the link between climate change and mental 
health, and believe it is important to empower our employees with 
access to climate-related training, information and broader mental 
health support systems.
We aim to foster a culture where our employees live our values: to 
be ambitious, curious, empathetic, courageous, and nimble. This is 
critical for setting our organisation up for success, both for our own 
journey towards net zero, and the external transformation which the 
global economy is undergoing. More information on our culture can 
be found in the Building social capital section of the 2022 ESG Report. 
Recognising the interconnectivity of climate change to other 
macro-issues, Prudential seeks to link our response to climate change 
to other important social topics, which are important to many of our 
internal and external stakeholders, as described in table 1. 
Table 1: Considering Prudential’s stakeholders 
Stakeholder Considerations
Customers We seek to identify where climate change and the transition to a low carbon economy may impact access to health and 
financial security, and seek to address these impacts to support our customers.  
Communities We are conscious of what the potentially catastrophic impacts of climate change may mean for our communities in Asia 
and Africa. We are also aware that activities typically involved in transitioning towards a low carbon economy, such as 
divestment from higher carbon-emitting assets, can come with unintended consequences, such as exacerbating existing 
socio-economic imbalances.
Employees It is critical that our employees feel adequately supported, personally and professionally, during both the short- 
and long-term transition process. Empowering employees to become climate literate, promoting training and work 
opportunities, and fostering a culture of transparency and accountability is crucial during this process.
Investors As part of our fiduciary duty, we must balance the investment strategies and opportunities that meet the long-term needs 
of our investors, while considering the potential risks and opportunities that may be relevant for us. Further information on 
our climate-related risk and opportunity identification and management can be found within our TCFD disclosure in our 
2022 ESG Report.
Governments  
and regulators
We regularly engage with regulators and monitor climate-related initiatives that could develop into new regulations 
or requirements in the markets where we operate. We seek to mainstream the voice of emerging markets within our 
discussions, and support the development of localised frameworks that assist decarbonisation initiatives within individual 
jurisdictions. We engage actively with the stock exchanges in our markets to adopt consistent and internationally 
compatible ESG disclosures.
Governance / continued
  Incentives and remuneration      
An important element of aligning our business activities and 
value proposition with the transition towards net zero is through 
our remuneration and incentives, both short and long term. 
Short term: In recent years, the Group’s Executive Directors have 
had a strategic priority, which is included in their Annual Incentive 
Plan, to drive the climate and responsible investment focus across 
the organisation, both as an asset owner and an asset manager, 
through embedding the external ESG commitments made in 
May 2021.
Long term: In late 2021, the Remuneration Committee decided 
that a measure aligned with our published commitment to 
reduce the carbon emissions of all shareholder and policyholder 
assets by 25 per cent by 2025 should be attached to Executive 
Directors’ 2022 Prudential Long Term Incentive Plan (PLTIP) 
awards. Carbon reduction targets will also be attached to 
Executive Directors’ 2023 PLTIP awards.
20
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan prudentialplc.com
Methodology
For a full outline of the scope, reporting boundary and assessment 
methodology for climate-related metrics, in particular carbon 
emissions and WACI, see Prudential’s 2022 Basis of Reporting 
document.   
Additional assumptions
> Our targets have been set based on our current Group structure 
and excludes assets of our joint ventures. Were this to materially 
change, we would consider revising our targets in line with the 
NZAOA target setting protocol. 
> We use industry protocols and methodologies, such as the 
Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) and TCFD, 
for target setting. To date, these protocols and methodologies do 
not cover all asset classes held across the Prudential Group, so we 
are not yet able to set and achieve targets for all asset classes. 
> Achieving our stated targets, and any targets we may set in future, 
relies not only on our actions but also on our underlying investees, 
suppliers and governments ultimately achieving their climate 
targets in line with the Paris Agreement. 
References and alignment 
We have produced this paper in alignment with industry standards 
and guidance, as relevant to Prudential as at the time this report was 
produced, in particular: 
> Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero: Financial Institution 
Net-zero Transition Plans- Fundamentals, Recommendations, and 
Guidance and Supplemental Information 
> Transition Plan Taskforce (TPT): The Transition Plan Taskforce 
Disclosure Framework and supplementary Implementation 
Guidance
> TCFD: Guidance on Metrics, Targets and Transition Plans 
> CDP Technical Note: Reporting on Transition Plans 
> The Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the 
Environment: Making Transition Plans Just 
We expect that further local transition plan guidance from the 
markets in which we operate will continue to be developed and 
published, and we will seek to implement this into future iterations 
of our Climate Transition Plan.  
Disclaimers 
Where third-party information has been used in this paper, the 
source of such information has been identified. While industry 
surveys, publications, consultant surveys and forecasts generally 
state that the information contained therein has been obtained from 
sources believed to be reliable, the accuracy and completeness of 
such information is not guaranteed. Prudential has not independently 
verified any of the data obtained from third-party sources (whether 
identified in this paper by source or used as a basis for any beliefs and 
estimates stated herein), or any of the assumptions underlying such 
data. Similarly, internal surveys, industry forecasts and market 
research, which Prudential believes to be reliable, have not been 
independently verified.
Methodologies and references 
 21
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan  
This document contains ‘forward-looking statements’ with respect to certain of 
Prudential’s (and its wholly and jointly owned businesses’) plans and its goals 
and expectations relating to future financial condition, performance, results, 
strategy and objectives. Statements that are not historical facts, including 
statements about Prudential’s (and its wholly and jointly owned businesses’) 
beliefs and expectations and including, without limitation, commitments, 
ambitions and targets, including those related to ESG, and statements 
containing the words ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘should’, ‘continue’, ‘aims’, ‘estimates’, ‘projects’, 
‘believes’, ‘intends’, ‘expects’, ‘plans’, ‘seeks’ and ‘anticipates’, and words of similar 
meaning, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on 
plans, estimates and projections as at the time they are made, and therefore 
undue reliance should not be placed on them. By their nature, all forward-looking 
statements involve risk and uncertainty.
A number of important factors could cause actual future financial condition or 
performance or other indicated results to differ materially from those indicated 
in any forward-looking statement. Such factors include, but are not limited to:
> current and future market conditions, including fluctuations in interest rates 
and exchange rates, inflation (including resulting interest rate rises), 
sustained high or low interest rate environments, the performance of 
financial and credit markets generally and the impact of economic 
uncertainty, slowdown or contraction (including as a result of the Russia-
Ukraine conflict and related or other geopolitical tensions and conflicts), 
which may also impact policyholder behaviour and reduce product 
affordability; 
> asset valuation impacts from the transition to a lower carbon economy; 
> derivative instruments not effectively mitigating any exposures; 
> global political uncertainties, including the potential for increased friction in 
cross-border trade and the exercise of laws, regulations and executive powers 
to restrict trade, financial transactions, capital movements and/or 
investment;
> the longer-term impacts of Covid-19, including macro-economic impacts on 
financial market volatility and global economic activity and impacts on sales, 
claims, assumptions and increased product lapses; 
> the policies and actions of regulatory authorities, including, in particular, the 
policies and actions of the Hong Kong Insurance Authority, as Prudential’s 
Group-wide supervisor, as well as the degree and pace of regulatory changes 
and new government initiatives generally; 
> given Prudential’s designation as an Internationally Active Insurance Group, 
the impact on Prudential of systemic risk and other group supervision policy 
standards adopted by the International Association of Insurance Supervisors; 
> the physical, social, morbidity/health and financial impacts of climate change 
and global health crises, which may impact Prudential’s business, 
investments, operations and its duties owed to customers; 
> legal, policy and regulatory developments in response to climate change and 
broader sustainability-related issues, including the development of 
regulations and standards and interpretations such as those relating to ESG 
reporting, disclosures and product labelling and their interpretations (which 
may conflict and create misrepresentation risks);
> the collective ability of governments, policymakers, the Group, industry and 
other stakeholders to implement and adhere to commitments on mitigation 
of climate change and broader sustainability-related issues effectively 
(including not appropriately considering the interests of all Prudential’s 
stakeholders or failing to maintain high standards of corporate governance 
and responsible business practices); 
> the impact of competition and fast-paced technological change; 
> the effect on Prudential’s business and results from, in particular, mortality and 
morbidity trends, lapse rates and policy renewal rates; 
> the timing, impact and other uncertainties of future acquisitions or 
combinations within relevant industries; 
> the impact of internal transformation projects and other strategic actions 
failing to meet their objectives or adversely impacting the Group’s employees; 
> the availability and effectiveness of reinsurance for Prudential’s businesses; 
> the risk that Prudential’s operational resilience (or that of its suppliers and 
partners) may prove to be inadequate, including in relation to operational 
disruption due to external events; 
> disruption to the availability, confidentiality or integrity of Prudential’s 
information technology, digital systems and data (or those of its suppliers 
and partners) including the Pulse platform; 
> the increased non-financial and financial risks and uncertainties associated 
with operating joint ventures with independent partners, particularly where 
joint ventures are not controlled by Prudential; 
> the impact of changes in capital, solvency standards, accounting standards 
or relevant regulatory frameworks, and tax and other legislation and 
regulations in the jurisdictions in which Prudential and its affiliates operate; 
and 
>  the impact of legal and regulatory actions, investigations and disputes.
These factors are not exhaustive. Prudential operates in a continually changing 
business environment with new risks emerging from time to time that it may be 
unable to predict or that it currently does not expect to have a material adverse 
effect on its business. In addition, these and other important factors may, for 
example, result in changes to assumptions used for determining results of 
operations or re-estimations of reserves for future policy benefits. Further 
discussion of these and other important factors that could cause actual future 
financial condition or performance to differ, possibly materially, from those 
anticipated in Prudential’s forward-looking statements can be found under the 
‘Risk Factors’ heading of Prudential’s 2022 Annual Report and any subsequent 
filing Prudential makes with the US Securities and Exchange Commission, 
including any subsequent Annual Report on Form 20-F.
Any forward-looking statements contained in this document speak only as of 
the date on which they are made. Prudential expressly disclaims any obligation 
to update any of the forward-looking statements contained in this document or 
any other forward-looking statements it may make, whether as a result of future 
events, new information or otherwise except as required pursuant to the UK 
Prospectus Rules, the UK Listing Rules, the UK Disclosure Guidance and 
Transparency Rules, the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the SGX-ST Listing Rules or 
other applicable laws and regulations. 
Prudential may also make or disclose written and/or oral forward-looking 
statements in reports filed with or furnished to the US Securities and Exchange 
Commission, the UK Financial Conduct Authority, the Hong Kong Stock 
Exchange and other regulatory authorities, as well as in its annual report and 
accounts to shareholders, periodic financial reports to shareholders, proxy 
statements, offering circulars, registration statements, prospectuses, prospectus 
supplements, press releases and other written materials and in oral statements 
made by directors, officers or employees of Prudential to third parties, including 
financial analysts. All such forward-looking statements are qualified in their 
entirety by reference to the factors discussed under the ‘Risk Factors’ heading of 
Prudential’s 2022 Annual Report and any subsequent filing Prudential makes 
with the US Securities and Exchange Commission, including any subsequent 
Annual Report on Form 20-F.
Cautionary statements 
This document does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to 
purchase, acquire, subscribe for, sell, dispose of or issue, or any solicitation of any 
offer to purchase, acquire, subscribe for, sell or dispose of, any securities in any 
jurisdiction nor shall it (or any part of it) or the fact of its distribution, form the 
basis of, or be relied on in connection with, any contract therefor.
Forward-looking statements
22
Prudential plc Climate Transition Plan prudentialplc.com
Important notice – basis of preparation and caution regarding data limitations
The sustainability-related information contained in this document has been 
prepared on the following basis: 
i  the sustainability-related information is unaudited; 
ii  all sustainability-related information, positions and statements set out in 
this document are subject to change without notice; 
iii  the sustainability-related information included in this document does not 
constitute any investment, accounting, legal, regulatory or tax advice or an 
invitation or recommendation to enter into any transaction;
iv  the sustainability-related information included in this document may have 
been prepared using models, methodologies and data which are subject to 
certain limitations. These limitations include: a lack of reliable data (due, 
amongst other things, to developing measurement technologies and 
analytical methodologies); a lack of standardisation of data (given, 
amongst other things, the current lack of international coordination on 
data and methodology standards); and future uncertainty (due, amongst 
other things, to changing projections relating to technological 
development and global and regional laws, regulations and policies, and 
the inability to make use of strong historical data); 
v  the models, external data and methodologies used in sustainability-
related information included in this document are or could be subject to 
adjustment which is beyond Prudential’s control; 
vi  any opinions and estimates should be regarded as indicative, preliminary 
and for illustrative purposes only. Expected and actual outcomes may 
differ from those set out (as explained in the “Forward-looking statements” 
paragraph above); 
vii  some of the sustainability-related information appearing in this document 
may have been obtained from public and other sources and, while 
Prudential believes such information to be reliable, it has not been 
independently verified by Prudential and no representation or warranty is 
made by Prudential as to its quality, completeness, accuracy, fitness for a 
particular purpose or non-infringement of such information; 
viii  for the purposes of the sustainability-related information included in this 
document, a number of key judgements and assumptions have been 
made. It is possible that the assumptions drawn, and the judgement 
exercised may subsequently turn out to be inaccurate. The judgements 
and data presented relating to sustainability-related information in this 
document are not a substitute for judgements and analysis made 
independently by the reader;
ix  any opinions or views of third parties expressed relating to sustainability-
related information included in this document are those of the third 
parties identified, and not of Prudential, its affiliates, directors, officers, 
employees and/or agents. By incorporating or referring to opinions and 
views of third parties, Prudential is not, in any way, endorsing or supporting 
such opinions or views;
x  whilst Prudential bears primary responsibility for the sustainability-related 
information included in this document, it does not accept responsibility for 
the external input provided by any third parties for the purposes of 
developing the sustainability-related information included in this 
document;
xi  whilst third party industry surveys, publications, consultant surveys and 
forecasts generally state that the information contained therein has been 
obtained from sources believed to be reliable, the accuracy and 
completeness of such information is not guaranteed. Prudential has not 
independently verified any of the data obtained from third party sources 
(whether identified in this document by source or used as a basis for any 
beliefs and estimates stated herein), or any of the assumptions underlying 
such data. Similarly, internal surveys, industry forecasts and market 
research, which Prudential believes to be reliable, have not been 
independently verified;
xii  the sustainability-related data contained in this document reflects 
available information and estimates at the relevant time; 
xiii  where Prudential has made use of any methodology or tools developed 
by a third party, the application of the methodology or tools (or 
consequences of its application) shall not be interpreted as conflicting 
with any legal or contractual obligations and such legal or contractual 
obligations shall take precedence over the application of the methodology 
or tools; 
xiv  where Prudential has made use of any underlying data provided or sourced 
by a third party, the use of the data shall not be interpreted as conflicting 
with any legal or contractual obligations and such legal or contractual 
obligations shall take precedence over the use of the data;
xv  this Important Notice is not limited in applicability to those sections of this 
document where limitations to sustainability-related data, metrics and 
methodologies are identified and where this Important Notice is 
referenced. This Important Notice applies to the whole of the 
sustainability-related information included in this document;
xvi  further development of reporting, standards or other principles could 
impact the sustainability-related information in this document, or any 
metrics, data and targets (it being noted that Environmental, Social and 
Governance reporting and standards are subject to rapid change and 
development); and
xvii while all reasonable care has been taken in preparing the sustainability-
related information included in this document, neither Prudential nor 
any of its affiliates, directors, officers, employees or agents make any 
representation or warranty as to its quality, accuracy or completeness, 
and they accept no responsibility or liability for the contents of this 
information, including any errors of fact, omission or opinion expressed. 
 
Prudential public limited company
Incorporated and registered 
in England and Wales
Registered office
1 Angel Court 
London 
EC2R 7AG
Registered number 1397169
www.prudentialplc.com
Principal place of business
in Hong Kong
13th Floor 
One International Finance Centre 
1 Harbour View Street 
Central 
Hong Kong
