LSEG Climate  
Transition Plan
London Stock Exchange Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 2022
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 20222
Contents
Our Group 3
LSEG’s sustainability strategy 4
Transition to net zero 6
The evolution of climate transition plans 7
Defining net zero 8
2021 activity  10
Our emissions 11
Our commitments 16
Reducing our emissions 17
Our governance 18
Progress through our 2030 glidepaths  19
The finance system as a catalyst for decarbonisation 30
2030 and beyond  32
How we disclose and report on progress  33
Further information 33
Further details on our sustainability approach can be found at lseg.com
We are pleased to 
publish our first Climate 
Transition Plan. Its aim  
is to outline our role in 
the transition to a net 
zero economy and how 
we plan to execute on 
our commitments.
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 20223
Our Group
CONTENTS
Who we are 
LSEG is a leading global financial 
markets infrastructure and data 
provider. We play a vital social 
and economic role in the world’s 
financial system. With our trusted 
expertise and global scale, we 
enable the sustainable growth  
and stability of our customers and 
their communities.
We are leaders in data and 
analytics, capital formation and 
trade execution, and clearing and 
risk management.
Our purpose
Driving financial stability, empowering 
economies and enabling customers to create 
sustainable growth.
Our vision
We are a leading global financial markets 
infrastructure and data provider. We want to 
shape the future of our industry to serve our 
customers and markets better.
Where we operate
LSEG is headquartered in the United Kingdom, 
with operations in 70 countries across EMEA, 
North America, Latin America and Asia Pacific. 
We employ 23,000 people globally, more than 
half of whom are located in Asia Pacific.
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 20224
CONTENTS
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 20224
CONTENTS
LSEG’s sustainability strategy
In 2021 LSEG acquired Refinitiv, a leading global 
financial markets data business. Following this 
acqusition, we refreshed our sustainability strategy 
to reflect the shape, scale and business strategy 
of the new enlarged organisation and rapidly 
evolving stakeholder expectations along with the 
urgent need for market transformation to deliver 
sustainable growth.
To inform our sustainability strategy we conducted a materiality 
assessment to identify the sustainability issues, risks and opportunities 
most relevant to our business and our stakeholders. We also aligned 
our approach with the UN Sustainable Development Goals. 
As a result, we have shaped our sustainability strategy around three 
outcome-focused priorities which represent the areas where we can 
have the greatest impact, including our role in the transition to net zero.
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 20225
Our sustainability priorities 
Accelerate the just transition to net zero
Decarbonising the whole global economy is critical to minimise the worst consequences of  
climate change. 
We are leveraging LSEG’s unique market position, capabilities, products and services to support a  
global reallocation of capital which shares the costs and benefits of reaching net zero fairly between  
and within countries.
Enable growth of the green economy
To deliver sustainable economic growth, more economic activity must focus on creating, scaling and 
delivering solutions to the world’s environmental and social challenges.
LSEG has a pivotal role in helping those solutions thrive by enabling more capital to flow towards 
sustainable economic activity.
Create inclusive economic opportunity
Inclusive economies enable more people to participate in, and benefit from, economic growth,  
regardless of their gender, ethnicity, social background, political or religious beliefs. These economies 
also uphold high standards of governance, address inequality and respect human rights. 
We aim to empower economies, communities and individuals by championing inclusion and opening 
up economic opportunity.
CONTENTS
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 20226
CONTENTS
Transition to net zero 
LSEG is committed to achieving 
net zero by 2040. Our unique 
role at the centre of financial 
markets is underpinned by our 
purpose of driving financial 
stability, empowering economies 
and enabling customers to create 
sustainable growth.
Our purpose is inextricably linked with climate 
change. We believe that decarbonising  
the whole global economy is critical to minimise 
the worst consequences of climate change  
and reflects our central role in enabling  
the market transformation required to achieve  
a net zero economy. 
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 20227
CONTENTS
The evolution of Climate Transition Plans 
As more businesses accelerate 
their commitments to reduce and 
remove their emissions across their 
value chain, we believe that the 
publication of Climate Transition 
Plans will play an increasingly 
important role.
Climate Transition Plans explain how 
commitments translate into action, enabling more 
informed investment decision-making, deeper 
engagement between companies and investors 
and market-wide collaboration.
At present there is limited consensus around 
what constitutes best practice with respect 
to preparing a Climate Transition Plan. This is 
LSEG’s first such Plan where we explain our 
commitments and approach, covering both our 
near-term targets and how we will identify actions 
required beyond 2030.  
We support the evolution and adoption of best 
practice guidance for Climate Transition Plans 
and will review and refine our Plan over time.
At COP26, the UK Government announced that 
it will make the UK the first net zero-aligned 
financial centre. As both the operator of the 
UK’s primary stock exchange and as a UK-listed 
business, LSEG intends to play a pivotal role 
in shaping and promoting the adoption of best 
practice Climate Transition Plans to deliver this.
The SBTi Net Zero Standard states:
To contribute to societal net zero goals, companies must deeply reduce 
emissions and counterbalance the impact of any emissions that remain. 
The SBTi Net Zero Standard defines corporate net zero as: 
 – Reducing scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions to zero or to a residual level that 
is consistent with reaching net zero emissions at the global or sector 
level in eligible 1.5°C-aligned pathways. 
 – Neutralising any residual emissions in the net zero target year  
and any greenhouse gas emissions released into the  
atmosphere thereafter.
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 20228
CONTENTS
Defining net zero 
Net zero means that any greenhouse gas emissions 
produced and emitted into the atmosphere are  
removed equally. 
LSEG has adopted the Science Based Target Initiative (SBTi) Net Zero 
Standard released in October 2021, which defines net zero and is the first 
global science-based standard for companies to set validated near-term and 
long-term science-based targets consistent with limiting temperature rise to 
1.5°C, driving forward the global transition to net zero.
The Net Zero Standard sets out four key elements that make up a corporate 
net zero target. The first of these is a near-term science-based target, the 
second is a long-term science-based target, and the third is mitigation beyond 
the value chain. The final element is neutralisation of any residual emissions.
The Net Zero Standard states that in the long term, emissions in the  
cross-sector pathway1 are reduced by at least 90% and most sector-specific 
pathways also reduce CO2 emissions by 90% or more from 2020 levels. 
Consequently, for many companies, long-term science-based targets will be 
equivalent to at least a 90% absolute reduction across scopes regardless of 
whether the cross-sector pathway or sector-specific pathways are used.
1The SBTi offers a cross-sector pathway and sector-specific pathways for setting science-based targets. Companies in the 
power generation sector and forestry, land-use, and agriculture (FLAG) sectors are required to set SBTs using sector-
specific pathways (effective for FLAG sectors after the finalization of SBTi and GHG Protocol guidance).  
For all other companies, the cross-sector pathway is eligible and recommended for setting absolute targets
B y 2050 a t the la t e st
5 t o 10 y ear s
1.5° C-aligne d emissions pa th wa y 
  
Emissions (tCO 2e)
4
4
3
3
1
1
2
2
Aba t emen t within the v alue chain 
R emo v als
Aba t emen t or r emo v als b e y ond 
a c ompan y ’s v alue chain
Ne t z er o emissions
To set near-term SBTs: 5-10 year emission reduction targets in line with 1.5 0 C pathways.
To set long-term SBTs: target to reduce emissions to a residual level in line with 1.5 0 C 
scenarios by no later than 2050.
Beyond value chain mitigation: in the transition to net zero, companies should take action to 
mitigate emissions beyond their value chains. For example, purchasing high-quality, 
jurisdictional REDD+ credits or investing in direct air capture (DAC) and geologic storage.
Neutralisation of residual emissions: GHGs released into the atmosphere when the 
company has achieved their long-term SBT must be counterbalanced through the 
permanent removal and storage of carbon from the atmosphere.
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 20229
CONTENTS
Figure 1: Net Zero Standard
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202210
CONTENTS
2021 activity
LSEG completed its acquisition of 
Refinitiv in January 2021; prior to 
this both companies had adopted 
near-term science-based emissions 
targets validated by the SBTi.
During 2021 we created a combined emissions 
data inventory, integrating data from both 
businesses, aligning methodologies and creating 
a 2019 baseline from which our future targets 
would be set.
Throughout 2021, as well as establishing a 
revised data inventory, we set a new 
science-based target for the combined  
Group, which was approved by the SBTi in  
December 2021. 
We also updated our policies, governance 
and created new ways of working, setting 
emissions-reduction glidepath plans to help us 
achieve our ambition for the enlarged Group.
We also play a pivotal role in financial markets, 
enabling an economy-wide transition to  
net zero. 
We are using our unique market position, 
capabilities, products and services to support  
a global reallocation of capital which shares  
the costs and benefits of reaching net zero  
fairly between and within countries.
Further details on our 2021 progress can  
be found in our Sustainability Report and  
Taskforce on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) Report.
Emissions are categorised into three scopes:
Scope 1 
Direct emissions: combustion of fuel and operation of facilities – 
includes natural gas, diesel, fugitive emissions and fleet vehicles
Scope 2 
Indirect emissions: purchase of electricity and heat
Scope 3 
Indirect emissions: emissions from purchased goods and services, 
fuel- and energy-related emissions, business travel, waste, water, 
employee commuting (including home working) and upstream 
leased assets
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202211
CONTENTS
Our emissions
Our greenhouse gas emissions arise from the buildings we occupy and use, 
business travel, and through the products and services we buy from our 
supply chain. In total, our 2021 emissions were 571,885 Tons of CO2e. 
The vast majority of our emissions arise from the products and services  
we buy.
2021 emissions 
Category Absolute emissions 
(tCO2e)
Emissions per FTE
(tCO2e/FTE)
Scope 1 1,000 0.04
Scope 2 (market-based) 3,138 0.13
Scope 3 - purchased goods and services 550,861 22.86
Scope 3 - other including business travel 16,885 0.70
Total Group carbon footprint (tCO2e) 571,885 23.74
*This table shows all emissions and a total using the 2021 headcount.
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202212
CONTENTS
Our emissions
We continued to reduce our total Group carbon footprint in 2021, down 
almost 13% from our 2019 baseline, and over 10% down from 2020. We saw 
reductions across Scopes 1, 2 and 3 with the greatest percentage reductions 
in Scope 2 market-based emissions, down 69% from the 2019 baseline.  
This is largely due to all electricity in 2021 either being sourced from a green 
tariff or covered by an energy attribute certificate.
Scope 1 emissions reduced by 54% from our 2019 baseline, largely due to a 
reduction of our office footprint and office use.
Overall Scope 3 emissions reduced, due largely to lower levels of business 
travel due to the ongoing global pandemic; emissions from business travel in 
2021 were down 93% from 2019, and 66% from 2020 levels.
As travel restrictions begin to ease, we anticipate business travel,  
and associated emissions, to increase from the levels seen in 2021.
As office occupancy levels remained low during 2021 we saw reduced 
Scope 3 emissions from waste disposal. This is expected to increase as more 
employees return to the office. We aim to manage these expected increases 
in order to stay on track with our 2030 target commitment.
While we saw lower emissions from reduced business travel and office 
occupancy in 2021, we experienced a significant increase in emissions from 
homeworking from 2019 levels. However, 2021 emissions for homeworking 
are lower than 2020 levels which is largely due to improvements in office 
attendance data which tracked actual daily attendance for each office. 
Our approach enabled us to calculate more accurate emissions data for 
homeworking and commuting and reduced our reliance on estimated office 
occupancy figures. In previous years, a conservative estimate was made for 
both commuting and homeworking. 
The vast majority (96%) of our greenhouse gas emissions arise from Scope 3 
purchased goods and services, demonstrating how critical engagement with 
our suppliers is to the overall reduction of our emissions. 
As a result, we have set a target which aims to ensure that suppliers 
responsible for 67% of our Scope 3 emissions (purchased goods and 
services) set science-based targets by 2026. As part of our engagement with 
suppliers to achieve our target, we will collect greenhouse gas emissions data 
from our key suppliers to more accurately calculate our emissions associated 
with the goods and services we buy. This will allow us to set targets in the 
near future to reduce this portion of our emissions in alignment with our net 
zero commitment. 
CONTENTS
Methodology and verification statement
We report all of the emission sources required under the Companies  
Act 2006 (Strategic Report and Directors’ Reports) Regulations 2013.  
These sources fall within our consolidated statement.
We do not have responsibility for any emission sources that are not included 
in our consolidated statement.
Our emissions are calculated according to an operational control boundary 
using GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (revised 
edition) and UK Government Environmental Reporting Guidelines: including 
streamlined energy and carbon reporting guidance (March 2019). London 
Stock Exchange Group’s Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions disclosed in this report 
have been externally verified by Cameron-Cole against the requirements of 
the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol, GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and 
Reporting Standard (revised edition), GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance:  
An amendment to the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, and the GHG 
Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope3) Standard. Conduct of the verification 
met the requirements of ISO 14064-3:2006(E).
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202213
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202214
CONTENTS
Total % of emissions from suppliers with an SBT 
Absolute Scope 3 (FERA, business travel, commuting)Absolute Scope 1&2
progress in 2021
67% 86%
progress in 2021 progress in 2021
20212019
-13%
17%
Overall performance 2021 20208 20198 Change9
Total group carbon footprint (tCO2e)1, 5 571,885 640,693 657,008 -13%
per m2 1.35 1.50 1.54 -12%
per FTE 24 27 27 -10%
per £m revenue11 80 90 96 -17%
Scope 12 1,000 1,960 2,163 -54%
Scope 2 market-based3 3,138 6,492 10,189 -69%
Scope 2 London-based 106,566 111,644 143,206 -26%
Renewable electricity (%)7 100% 98% 96% 4%
Scope 34, 5, 6 567,747 634,175 646,569 -12%
- Purchased goods and services 550,861 603,613 564,107 -2%
- Fuel- and energy-related activities (FERA) 5,659 6,371 9,082 -38%
- Waste 185 369 1,879 -90%
- Water 80 1,166 1,282 -94%
- Business travel 3,169 9,593 42,662 -93%
- Employee commuting 1,907 4,745 27,422 -93%
- Homeworking 5,805 8,236 55 10,455%
- Upstream leased assets 81 81 80 1%
Exclusions (market-based)10 767 1,933 1,914 -17%
Exclusions (location-based)10 1,886 4,264 4,829 -60%
Progress against science-based targets (SBTs)
Total Group carbon footprint (CO2e)
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202215
CONTENTS
Footnotes
1. All Group totals and electricity breakdowns use market-based Scope 2 emission factors. Group carbon footprint includes tenant consumption, excludes client-
based workers.
2. Scope 1 Emissions Combustion of fuel and operation of facilities – includes Natural Gas, Diesel, LPG, Fugitive Emissions and Fleet Vehicles.
3. Scope 2 Emissions purchase of electricity and heat by the Group for its own use. Market-based emissions use supplier-based emission factors, and energy 
attribute certificates for where 100% renewable supplier tariffs are not in place.
4. Scope 3 includes emissions from purchased goods and services, fuel- and energy-related emissions, air travel, rail travel, taxis, hotels and ground transfers, 
waste, water, employee commuting (including homeworking) and upstream leased assets.
5. DEFRA UK Government GHG Conversion Factors are used for our UK sites, and all business travel, water, waste, upstream leased assets and extrapolated data. 
US EPA factors are used for United States electricity and employee commute factors. IEA and GHG Protocol emissions factors are used to calculate Scope 1, 2 
and Scope 3 fuel- and energy-related emissions for international sites where available. Defra IO factors have been adjusted to reflect reporting year consumer 
index pricing to estimate emissions related to purchased goods and services. US and UK National Travel Surveys have been used to inform our estimations for 
employee commuting. Emissions related to working from home have been based on EcoAct’s ‘Homeworking emissions whitepaper’ (2020).
6. Scope 3 emissions are not separately reported by UK and Rest of Group, due to the collection of travel, purchased goods and services and other data at the 
Group level.
7. Energy attribute certificates have been purchased to claim renewable electricity consumption for all sites where 100% renewable supplier tariffs are not in place. 
These certificates have been sourced from an internationally recognised trader who is an IETA member and gold partner of CDP.
8. 2019 and 2020 total carbon emissions have been restated to reflect the acquisition of Refinitiv.
9. % Change is calculated between 2021 and 2019, the Group’s target baseline year.
10. Emissions from sites not included within the reporting boundary relate to the divestment of Borsa Italiana and have been published for transparency.
11. The revenue figures for 2019, 2020 and 2021 are based on a ‘pro-forma’ approach to align with our global greenhouse gas inventory.
CONTENTS
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202216
Our commitments
Our ambition and targets are 
underpinned by our external 
commitments and memberships 
including the United Nations  
Climate Change ‘Race to Zero’  
and the UN Global Compact’s 
Business Ambition for 1.5°C.
We have set near-term targets, approved by the science-based targets initiative, 
against a 1.5°C trajectory to:
Halve our scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 emissions  
(fuel and energy related activities, business travel and employee commuting) 
against a 2019 baseline by 2030.
Engage two-thirds of our suppliers  
(by scope 3 purchased goods and services emissions) to set science-based 
targets by 2026.
Our long-term target is to achieve net zero by 2040
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN17
CONTENTS
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202217
Reducing our emissions: 
our six glidepaths 
Our commitment to net zero requires robust 
planning and investment to transform our 
business operations. Setting near-term 
targets for 2030 was our first step, and 
to achieve these we have developed six 
glidepaths of activity.
Property and data centres
We will halve the emissions from our offices and data centres by making our 
locations and technology as efficient as possible
Business travel
We will cut our business travel by 50% by working with our people and partners to 
rethink how and why we travel
Supply chain
We will work with our suppliers to lead by example and aim for 67% of our 
suppliers (by emissions) to set science-based targets to reduce emissions by 2026
Renewable electricity
We will ensure 100% of the electricity we consume is from renewable sources by 
increasing green tariffs across our portfolio, exploring on-site generation, and 
purchasing Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs) where those options are not 
currently available
Neutralisation and removals
For emissions that we cannot eliminate we will support nature-based solutions that 
have socioeconomic benefits and receive carbon neutral certification
Climate risk
We will continue to assess and act on the potential environmental impact a 
changing climate will have on our physical locations and business model
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202218
CONTENTS
Our governance
Oversight, ownership and action 
across all levels of the business will 
ensure that we can plan for, and 
meet, our commitments over the 
next 20 years. 
Our Group Sustainability team 
comprises subject matter experts 
who plan, coordinate and activate 
our ambition across social and 
environmental commitments. 
Accountability for sustainability  
is also formalised across  
the business with the following 
groups taking on important 
governance responsibilities.
LSEG Board
The Board has ultimate oversight of the 
sustainability agenda and strategy, ensuring 
the long-term success of the company and that 
stakeholder expectations are met through our 
commitments and approach. 
LSEG CEO
Our CEO has ultimate responsibility for all 
sustainability matters across LSEG.
Executive Committee
Our Executive Committee is responsible for 
the delivery of our Group Strategic Objectives 
(GSOs). Executive Committee compensation is 
linked to the delivery of our GSOs, one of which 
is focused on LSEG’s sustainability strategy and 
our role in enabling sustainable growth, including 
our efforts to accelerate the transition to net zero.
Sustainability Committee 
Chaired by our Chief Corporate Affairs and 
Marketing Officer and comprising Executive 
Committee members and functional leaders,  
this group is responsible for the strategic 
oversight and delivery of LSEG’s sustainability 
strategy, including our environmental 
commitments.
Sustainability Working Group 
Chaired by our Group Head of Sustainability,  
with representation of sustainability subject 
matter experts from across LSEG, this group 
designs, shapes and delivers the Group’s 
sustainability strategy. It supports the 
Sustainability Committee and reports on  
progress and areas for further development.
Environmental Management Group
Chaired by our Chief Operating Officer, this 
cross-functional team of senior leaders sets the 
ambition for environmental excellence across 
LSEG and identifies routes to delivery across  
their own teams, taking responsibility for our  
six glidepaths.
Environmental Operating Group 
This group leads the programmatic delivery of 
environmental targets and identifies the delivery 
glidepaths for each target.
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202219
CONTENTS
Progress through our 2030 glidepaths
Setting targets is just the starting 
point for ambitious climate action.  
We plan to deliver on these through 
six glidepaths, some of which 
have their own key performance 
indicators, with further development 
planned in 2022.
Each glidepath has a role to play in achieving  
our near-term targets and transforming how  
we operate as a business in a net zero future. 
CONTENTS
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202220
Why?
Our physical locations and data centres play a key role in how we 
operate and collaborate to drive value for our customers. However, we 
can do more to ensure they are as efficient as possible. As a result, we 
are investing in the latest and greenest solutions across our portfolio.
What?
We aim to halve the emissions from our offices and data centres by 
making our locations and technology as efficient as possible. 
How?
A 50% reduction in our emissions across scope 1, scope 2 and some 
scope 3 categories by 2030 will nearly entirely be delivered by 
changes to our use of property and technology.
 
Supported by our renewable electricity and climate risk glidepaths, the route 
to achieve our reductions will focus on the following:
 – Engagement with landlords
 – Environmental framework
 – Engineering solutions
 – Portfolio consolidations
 – Technology within data centres
 – Projects including construction, refurbishment and upgrading equipment
 – Leveraging suppliers
 – Communications
Part of our activities will involve moving some of our data centre services to 
the cloud, and we are conscious that this will adversely impact our scope 3 
purchased goods and services emissions. We will therefore be enhancing our 
sustainability considerations during the technology procurement process, and 
will continually address this through the efforts of our supply chain glidepath.
Reducing emissions from our properties 
and data centres
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202221
CONTENTS
Figure 2: Property and data centres pathway
The impact of Covid-19 reduced our property and data centre emissions significantly from 2020-
2021, enabling us to be well ahead of our target. 
As the pandemic recedes, we want to keep our emissions below the Paris trajectory.
50% reduction in our 
scope 1 and scope 2 
emissions by 2030 
will nearly entirely be 
delivered by changes 
to our property and 
technology. 
Actual emissions - Scope 3 - FERAActual emissions - scope 1 & 2Emissions budget
0
5000
10000
15000
20000
25000
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030
Paris 1.5 trajectory
Emissions (tC
O
2e)
CONTENTS
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202222
Why?
In the past travel was an important way to collaborate across our global 
business. However, due to the pandemic there has been a shift in our reliance 
on business travel. Having sought new ways to collaborate that save time, 
money and carbon emissions, we are working to ensure our levels of travel 
do not go back to pre-pandemic levels, embracing the change, benefits and 
enthusiasm around new ways of working.
What? 
We will cut our business travel by 50% by working with our people and 
partners to rethink how and why we travel.
How?
Understanding the data behind our travel emissions has highlighted specific 
levers to reduce our emissions and achieve our 50% reduction by 2030. 
Working across the business and with internal and external partners 
we will implement the following measures:
 – Reduce the need for internal meetings that involve air travel
 – Work with our air travel vendors to understand the measures they  
are taking to reduce emissions 
 – Increase visibility and awareness among our people about the  
emissions associated with all business journeys and potential  
savings by switching classes
Rethinking how and why we travel 
for business 
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202223
CONTENTS
Figure 3: Travel reduction pathway
The impact of Covid-19 reduced our business travel emissions significantly from 2020-2021, enabling 
us to be well ahead of our target. As the pandemic recedes, we want to keep our emissions below 
the Paris trajectory.
From our 2019 baseline data 96% of travel 
emissions are accounted for with air travel alone. 
Between 2019 and 2021 we recorded a 90% 
reduction in absolute emissions due to the travel 
restrictions imposed as a result of  
the pandemic. We need to ensure that our future 
approach to travel is carefully managed to ensure 
we meet our emission reduction targets while 
enabling us to effectively serve our customers 
and operate as a global business. 
All emissions associated with business travel 
from 2021 onwards will be offset as part of our 
neutralisation and removals glidepath. In 2022 
we will explore adopting an internal price on 
carbon and carbon budgets for business travel as 
a mechanism to encourage considerations and 
prioritisation across the company.
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030
Actual emissions - business travelEmissions budgetParis 1.5 trajectory
0
5000
10000
15000
20000
25000
30000
35000
40000
45000
Emissions (tCO2e)
Our supplier base does shift and change year-on-year so it is essential 
that we track and monitor suppliers, emissions and target data in 
tandem. We will do this in four ways:
 – Supply chain engagement: work collaboratively with suppliers 
through a tiered integrated supplier engagement approach. We are 
using third-party systems and processes to engage our suppliers, 
collect data and support capacity building.
 – Embedding requirements: embed key sustainability expectations of 
suppliers throughout procurement activities, including integrating 
ambitious climate commitments into RFP and procurement 
processes, our supplier code of conduct, new contracts, and 
ongoing relationship management. 
 – We will also be working with the business divisions to enhance 
sustainability considerations within their operational decisions.
 – Thinking bigger: work with our peers in the industry to push key 
suppliers and high emitting industries to change their behaviours. 
As of 2021 17% of suppliers by emissions had science-based targets  
in place. 
We will report on progress with respect to our supplier engagement 
programme in future Climate Transition Plans. 
CONTENTS
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202224
Why?
Managing and measuring emissions outside of our direct control is 
fundamental to how we achieve our near-term target; it is also vital to our 
progress to net zero. As a global business with a large supplier base, 96% of 
our market-based emissions arise from our supply chain, meaning businesses 
whose services we utilise are responsible for more than 550,000 tonnes 
of CO2e a year. It’s essential we account for and reduce these emissions in 
partnership with our suppliers to support the global net zero ambition.
What?
We will work with our suppliers to aim for 67% of our suppliers (by emissions) 
to set science-based targets to reduce emissions by 2026.
How?
We have a large supplier base, with around 7,000 individual suppliers in 2021. 
Emissions resulting from LSEG’s purchased goods and services are part of our 
scope 3 emissions, the largest portion of our total reported emissions. 
Suppliers contributing the greatest share of these emissions are those 
involved in IT and professional services, with approximately 166 suppliers 
responsible for 70% of our supplier emissions in 2021.
Through a robust engagement plan we will work with our suppliers to 
understand their challenges, track data and encourage action. 
Working with our supply chain to 
reduce emissions 
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202225
CONTENTS
Figure 4: Our suppliers with emissions science-based targets in place Through a robust 
engagement plan we will 
work with our suppliers 
to understand their 
challenges, track data and 
encourage action. 
Suppliers with science-based 
emissions targets in place
2021
17%
2026
67%
CONTENTS
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202226
Why?
Sourcing electricity from renewable sources will not only lower our 
scope 2 market-based emissions but will support the increased market 
demand for low-carbon electricity. For a location portfolio of our size 
and scale we are looking at this holistically across our business.  
Firstly, our priority is to reduce our scope 2 emissions and secondly,  
we will ensure any residual emissions will be from a renewable source.
What?
We will ensure 100% of the electricity we consume is from renewable 
sources by increasing green tariffs across our portfolio, exploring on-
site generation, and purchasing Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs) 
where those options aren’t currently available.
How?
Sourcing 100% of our electricity from renewable sources depends on 
availability of green tariffs in the different regions where we operate. 
Where green tariffs are available, and we have control over the energy 
supply we are seeking to switch to renewable electricity sources. 
Where green tariffs are not available we are purchasing credible 
and traceable Energy Attribute Certificates which are market-based 
instruments that are created when 1 megawatt hour of electricity is 
generated from renewable sources. 
Our long-term approach is to determine the feasibility to invest  
in Virtual Power Purchase Agreements (VPPA).
The key steps we are taking to shift to renewable electricity  
sources include:
 – Identify credible and strategic options for purchasing  
renewable energy
 – Identify strategic locations for transition to green tariffs
 – Implement guidance for sites and procurements
 – Determine opportunities for on-site generation
 – Review longer term options for renewable energy purchasing
Increasing renewable electricity 
across our portfolio
Figure 5: Buildings on renewable tariff 
% of electricity consumption  
2021
11%
2026
XX%
CONTENTS
Why?
Alongside a robust emissions reduction plan across our locations, our 
operations, technology and travel, we will also incorporate credible offsets to 
neutralise and remove residual emissions. We know that a reliance on offsets, 
however credible is not a satisfactory end solution. However, used as part of 
a robust strategy where reductions are the key objective, then it is a valuable 
and impactful tool to support climate projects close to our global operations.
What? 
For emissions that we cannot eliminate we will support nature-based solutions 
that have socioeconomic benefits and receive carbon neutral certification.
How?
From 2021 we have offset our emissions from scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 
(business travel).
This is being done in partnership with Natural Capital Partners, an external  
nature-based solutions consultant and focuses on sourcing offsets which 
achieve the following: 
 – Credible: robust approach which aligns with the CarbonNeutral® Protocol 
 – Alignment with best practice: supports our business rationale, is transparent 
and reduces reputational risk
 – Positively impacts our locations and communities: solutions that are 
considerate of the impacts in the communities and locations we operate, 
ensuring that those most impacted by climate change on the ground see 
the benefits
 – Demonstrate leadership: underpin a robust and deliberate approach
Neutralising and removing residual emissions
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202227
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202228
CONTENTS
Projects supported through offsets in 2021
Project Standards What? Why? How?
Orb Household Solar, 
India
Gold 
Standard
Bringing affordable, 
reliable solar-powered 
electricity and hot water 
heating to communities 
across India.
With a growing middle class in India, demand for 
electricity has outstripped supply causing regular 
blackouts for those connected to the grid. In rural 
areas, kerosene or other fossil fuels are used for 
energy and lighting, polluting the air inside homes. 
This project has brings reliable solar power and solar 
water heating systems to customers throughout the 
country, while cutting around 55,000 tons of CO2e 
a year by replacing the use of kerosene or electricity 
from a grid reliant on fossil fuels.
Orb Energy manufactures, sells, installs 
and services a unique range of high-quality 
solar energy systems for residential and 
commercial customers in India. Businesses 
can operate for longer and more consistently 
with a solar energy system. Household solar 
water heating reduces electricity bills by 
more than 50% and lighting at home means 
greater opportunity for children to study after 
the sun goes down. 
Acre Amazon Rain Forest 
Conservation
CCB, VCS Granting land tenure 
and providing 
agricultural training to 
prevent deforestation 
and promote 
sustainable economic 
livelihoods.
90% of Brazil’s Acre state is forested, but current 
rates of destruction mean by 2030 this could decline 
to 65%. This collection of three projects aims to 
prevent deforestation across 105,000 hectares of 
pristine rainforest in the Amazon basin, protecting 
some of the world’s most biodiverse habitats.
With the support of carbon finance, the 
projects work with communities and 
local groups to help protect ecosystem 
services while providing alternative models 
of economic development which avoid 
destruction of the forest.
Improved Cookstoves, 
Kenya
Gold 
Standard
Tackling household 
air pollution and 
deforestation with 
improved cookstoves  
in Kenya.
More than 95% of households depend on wood or 
other solid fuels for cooking in Kenya. This project 
aims to address dependence on non-renewable 
fuels and tackle health issues associated with 
traditional cooking stoves. 
This project helps households and 
institutions throughout the country purchase 
efficient wood or charcoal cookstoves to 
replace traditional three-stone fires or other 
inefficient stoves. The stoves are sold  
(along with other ‘eco-products’ such as solar 
lanterns and water filters) through a local 
partner franchise model that helps ensure 
effective financing, marketing, and support  
to both end customers and local partners. 
251,000 stoves have been sold across all 
eight provinces in Kenya.
CONTENTS
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202229
Why?
Understanding the impact of a changing climate on both our physical 
locations and our business model is fundamental to how we plan and 
operate as a global business. Using data to understand the potential 
impacts (both positive and negative) under different scenarios ensures we 
can build resilience into our business for the future. 
What?
We will continue to assess and act on the potential environmental impact a 
changing climate will have on our physical locations and business model.
How?
LSEG has 23,000 people and a network of 187 properties located in 
70 countries. We have undertaken scenario analysis to understand the 
potential physical impacts of extreme weather events on our people 
and locations. The findings are reported externally as part of our TCFD 
disclosure and integrated internally as part of our Enterprise Risk 
Management Framework as well as through governance and working 
groups to adopt the findings for location planning.
Understanding and acting on climate risk
Climate risk and the transition to net zero also 
present opportunities for LSEG to support 
customers with sustainable finance solutions and 
the market more widely. This element of our work 
is summarised below and further detail can be 
found in our Annual Sustainability Report. 
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202230
CONTENTS
LSEG is in a unique position to 
support decarbonisation efforts 
across the market and support the 
growing and essential drive to a net 
zero carbon economy. We are taking 
a leadership role in the industry 
and leveraging our partnerships, 
capabilities, products and services.
Here are some of the ways we are enabling 
and accelerating a just transition to net zero in 
financial markets:
Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero 
(GFANZ)
LSEG was a founding member of GFANZ 
launched in April 2021 led by Mark Carney, UN 
Special Envoy on Climate Action and Finance. 
GFANZ is a global coalition of leading financial 
institutions committed to accelerating the 
decarbonisation of the economy. 
Collectively they commit to achieving the 
objective of the Paris Agreement to limit global 
temperature increases to 1.5°C. LSEG CEO David 
Schwimmer is a member of the GFANZ CEO 
Principals Group.
Net Zero Service Providers Alliance
Launched in 2021, under the GFANZ umbrella, 
the Net Zero Financial Service Providers Alliance 
(NZFSPA) is a global group of Service Providers 
committed to supporting the goal of global net 
zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 or 
sooner, in line with the ambition to limit the  
global temperature increase to 1.5°C above  
pre-industrial levels. 
This alliance commits members to align relevant 
services and products to net zero by 2050. LSEG 
was a founding member and is actively involved 
in the alliance which will set targets and metrics 
to drive the commitment.
Climate Transition Offering 
The London Stock Exchange’s Climate Transition 
Offering for London-listed companies provides a 
range of guidance, tools and resources to help 
companies in transition to a low-carbon economy. 
This includes LSEG’s Climate Governance Scores 
for issuers which is an assessment of companies’ 
carbon management practices and incorporation 
of climate change considerations into business 
strategies. This score helps issuers to understand 
where they are relative to industry peers and 
what they need to improve. 
The offering also includes resources to support 
companies with climate reporting in line with the 
TCFD recommendations.
Transition Bond Market
In February 2021, the London Stock Exchange 
(LSE) launched the Transition Bond Segment 
within its Sustainable Bond Market. This helps 
issuers raise finance to fund transition-related 
activity in line with credible Paris-Aligned 
transition plans. The Transition segment joins the 
Green, Social, Sustainability and Sustainability–
linked segments which make up the LSE’s 
Sustainable Bond Market.
The financial system as a catalyst for decarbonisation

LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202231
CONTENTS
Voluntary Carbon Markets 
In November 2021, the London Stock  
Exchange announced its intention to develop  
a new market solution for voluntary carbon  
markets to accelerate the availability of financing 
for projects to support a just transition to a  
low-carbon economy. 
The solution aims to address two major 
challenges inherent in the scaling up of the 
voluntary carbon markets: access to capital 
at scale for the development of new climate 
projects worldwide; and primary market access  
to a long-term supply of high-quality carbon 
credits for corporates and investors. 
This will enable companies and investors to 
augment credible net zero transition strategies 
more confidently, by financing additional projects 
to offset unavoidable carbon emissions during 
their path to net zero.
FTSE EU Climate Benchmarks Index Series 
To help investors reallocate capital in line with the 
transition to a low carbon economy FTSE Russell 
launched the FTSE EU Climate Benchmarks Index 
Series in July. FTSE Russell consulted Brunel 
Pension Partnership in the design of the indices 
which include a range of climate-themed equity 
indices aligned to the Paris Agreement. 
The index series cover a broad range of 
developed and emerging equity markets 
including FTSE All-World, FTSE Developed, FTSE 
Emerging, Russell 1000, FTSE All-Share and FTSE 
Australia 200. 
The index series apply the FTSE Target Exposure 
Framework which includes a transparent 
tilt exposure towards and away from index 
constituents according to several exposure 
objectives such as fossil fuel reserves, carbon 
reserves and green revenues to achieve  
Paris alignment.
Carbon footprint data and analytics 
Refinitiv is a pioneer in ESG data, servicing the 
global financial industry since 2002. Refinitiv 
carbon data covers 12,000 companies and is 
one of the most consistent, comprehensive and 
auditable data sets available in the market.  
It is natively integrated into mainstream financial 
market solutions such as Refinitiv Workspace 
making carbon data integration efficient and  
cost effective. 
Through our products, we accelerate the 
transition to net zero across global financial 
markets. Our research teams provide in-depth 
understanding of the carbon markets, policy and 
regulatory drivers and forecasts for emissions 
trading to help organisations achieve their 
emissions targets.
Climate Transition Centre
Announced in October 2021, the LSEG 
Foundation supported the funding of the 
Transition Pathway Initiative (TPI) Global  
Climate Transition Centre at the London School  
of Economics. 
It will dramatically scale publicly available 
research on the climate transition pathways 
of 10,000 businesses, covering global equity 
markets, fixed income and private markets. 
This builds on our existing relationship through 
FTSE Russell, our Index business, which is TPI’s 
data partner.
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202232
CONTENTS
2030 and beyond
As this is our first Climate Transition Plan, we have 
focused on the actions we are taking to achieve our 
near-term targets to 2030.
Many of these actions are underway and delivering results. We look  
forward to providing details of progress in future reports.
During 2022 we are undertaking further work to assess the actions 
and investment required beyond 2030 to achieve our longer-term net 
zero target. Using the SBTi’s Net Zero Guidance released in October 
2021, our work in 2022 will identify our path to net zero from 2030 
across our business operations and value chain with the adoption of 
measurable targets and interim KPIs.
To help achieve this, we will invest in nature-based solutions and other 
carbon-reduction technologies to remove from the atmosphere or 
offset more carbon than LSEG emits each year. By 2040, we aim for 
100% of unavoidable emissions to be neutralised with an equivalent 
amount of carbon removals. This will involve the purchase of carbon 
removals and the scoping and implementation of an internal carbon 
price starting with business travel. Such a tool would factor the external 
cost of greenhouse gas emissions into business and investment 
decisions to incentivise efficiency and enable low-carbon innovation.
LSEG CLIMATE TRANSITION PLAN 202233
CONTENTS
How we disclose and report on progress
Disclosing data and progress transparently ensures we are not only 
accountable for our commitments, but in making our data public we  
are also encouraging transparency in the market. 
We commit to monitoring and reporting in alignment with best practice on 
sustainability disclosures and we intend to report our net zero progress in our 
2023 Climate Transition Plan alongside other reports where we disclose our 
sustainability performance including:
 – LSEG Annual Report & Accounts 
 – Annual Sustainability Report
 – CDP Climate Change disclosure
 – TCFD Report 
Further information
For further information regarding LSEG’s sustainability approach  
please see lseg.com
LSEG is more than a diversified global financial 
markets infrastructure and data business.
We are dedicated partners to our customers, with an open model and commitment to excellence. With 
extensive experience, deep knowledge and global presence across financial markets, we enable 
businesses and economies around the world to fund innovation, manage risk and create jobs. It’s 
how we’ve contributed to supporting the financial stability and growth of communities and economies 
globally for more than 300 years.
Discover more at lseg.com
LSG1569754/2-22
