Catalysing  
the net zero  
transition
Annual Report and Accounts 2023
Our approach to reporting 
We believe in being as transparent as possible in our reporting on sustainability 
performance and strive to make public all the information our stakeholders require 
through adopting the most well respected independent reporting standards and 
ratings services.
This report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
Standards 2021 and also aligns with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 
(SASB) chemical sector reporting requirements (version 2018-10). Our Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) report is included on pages 45-52 
and complies fully with the TCFD disclosure recommendations. The numbers included 
in this section cover the entire Johnson Matthey group.
ERM Certification and Verification Services Limited (ERM CVS) were engaged 
to provide limited assurance of selected information as presented on page 228. 
Please see ERM CVS' full assurance statement on pages 229-230 for more details.
Find more information online
 Sustainability Performance Databook: matthey.com/sustainability-databook
 GRI Content Index: matthey.com/gri-content-index
 SASB Index: matthey.com/sasb-index
 PAI Statement: matthey.com/pai-statement
 TCFD Compliance Table: matthey.com/tcfd-compliance-table
 Assurance Statement: matthey.com/assurance-statement
Our products and services are where we believe we can have most positive impact 
on society and we have aligned our strategy with four of the UN SDGs
Cautionary statement
The strategic report and certain other sections of this annual report contain forward 
looking statements that are subject to risk factors associated with, among other 
things, the economic and business circumstances occurring from time to time in the 
countries and sectors in which the group operates. It is believed that the expectations 
reflected in these statements are reasonable, but they may be affected by a wide 
range of variables which could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
currently anticipated.
We are Johnson Matthey
Watch: our latest company film, describing JM in two minutes
matthey.com/corporate-video
www.matthey.com
Catalytic converters: fighting pollution 
for 50 years and beyond
Sustainable aviation fuel: ready for take off
PGMs: a circular solution for a net zero future
Hydrogen: ramping up to reach net zero

Strategic report 01
Our business at a glance 02
Key performance indicators 03
Our purpose 04
Chair’s statement 05
The drivers of our changing world 06
Our business model 08
Chief Executive Officer’s statement 10
Our strategy 12
Clean Air 14
Platinum Group Metal Services 16
Catalyst Technologies 18
Hydrogen Technologies 20
Sustainability 22
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 45
Chief Financial Officer’s review 53
Financial performance review 55
Risk report 62
Going concern and viability 70
Non-financial and sustainability information statement 71
Section 172 statement 72 Icons within this report
 Read more
 Content available online
 Key performance indicator
 Principal risk
 Click this link to see our glossary: matthey.com/ARA-glossary 
Governance 73
Chair’s introduction 74
Board at a glance 75
Board of Directors 76
Our governance structure 78
Corporate governance report 80
Board activities 82
Stakeholder engagement 84
Board and committee effectiveness 87
Societal Value Committee report 88
Nomination Committee report 90
Audit Committee report 94
Remuneration Committee report 103
Directors’ report 128
Responsibilities of directors 132
Independent auditors’ report to the members of Johnson Matthey Plc 133
Financial statements 144
Other information 222
Cover image: Fanesa Fernandes, Production Operator, checks a hydrogen fuel cell 
component at our Hydrogen Technologies site in Swindon
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 1
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Our business at a glance
Our businesses
 Read more on pages 14-21
A global footprint
Clean Air
Designs and manufactures emission control catalysts to reduce harmful pollutants , 
e.g. NOx, from vehicle exhausts and a range of stationary sources.
Platinum Group Metal Services (PGMS)
Metals management: supporting customers with short and long term metal planning 
through leading market research and price risk management. 
PGM (platinum group metals) applications: processing metal into more complex, value 
added products for a vast array of uses. This includes providing PGM-based products for all 
our other businesses. 
Refining: recycling used PGMs including spent auto-catalysts and taking mined PGMs  
to purity.
Catalyst Technologies
Designs and licences process technology and designs and manufactures catalysts for a wide 
range of processes used in the energy and chemicals industries to create products used 
in transportation fuels, fertilisers, wood products, paints, coatings and polymers.
Hydrogen Technologies
Designs and manufactures the key performance-defining components (catalyst-coated 
membranes) used at the heart of fuel cells and electrolysers.
In addition, we have three Value Businesses that are not within the core portfolio:  
Battery Systems, Medical Components and Diagnostic Services.
North America
29% of Group sales
17% of employees
Europe
42% of Group sales
55% of employees
Rest of Asia
13% of Group sales
11% of employees
China
10% of Group sales
8% of employees
Rest of World
6% of Group sales 9% of employees
Supported by our values
We are a truly purpose-driven organisation – and our values provide the foundation for 
everything we do.
12,600 employees worldwide
Protecting people and the planet
Acting with integrity Innovating and improving
Working together Owning what we do
Revenue split (%)
Platinum Group Metal ServicesClean Air Catalyst Technologies
Value Businesses
4%49%44%
4%5%42%
3%
49%
2023
2022
Hydrogen Technologies represents less than 1% of total revenue
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 20232
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Key performance indicators
 Financial performance
Revenue
£14,933m
2021/22: £16,025m
Underlying operating profit1
£465m
2021/22: £553m
Sales1 (excluding precious metals)
£4,201m
2021/22: £3,778m
Operating profit
£406m 
2021/22: £255m
Sales contributing to our 
four priority UN SDGs
82.0%
2021/22: 83.8%
Total Scope 3 (Category 1) 
Purchased Goods and Services 
GHG emissions2
2,495,475 tCO2e
2021/22: 2,978,197 tCO2e
Recycled PGM content in 
JM’s manufactured products3
69%
2021/22: 70%
D&I – female representation 
across all management levels
28%
2021/22: 27%
R&D spend contributing 
to our four priority SDGs
89.5%
2021/22: 88.1%
GHG emissions avoided from 
our technologies (compared 
to conventional offerings)2
848,643 tCO2e
2021/22: 470,706 tCO2e
Total Recordable Injury and 
Illness Rate(TRIIR) employees 
+ contractors
0.47
2021/22: 0.59
Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions (market-based)2
363,686 tCO2e
2021/22: 410,110 tCO2e
 Sustainability performance
 For more information on our ESG ratings please see page 23  For more information on our sustainability targets please see page 24
(Loss)/earnings per share
150.9p
2021/22: (52.6)p
Ordinary dividend per share
77.0p
2021/22: 77.0p
Clean Air cash flow
£638m
2021/22: £772m
Underlying earnings per share1
178.6p
2021/22: 213.2p
1. Non-GAAP measures are defined and reconciled in note 34 of the financial statements, refer to pages 206 - 209
2. Prior year rebaselined to remove divested businesses, please see page 222 for more information
3. Prior year restated due to calculation refinement, please see page 222 for more information
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 3
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Catalysing the  
net zero transition
As a global society we face big challenges. Many of the 
world’s leading energy, chemicals and automotive 
companies depend on Johnson Matthey’s technology and 
expertise to decarbonise, reduce harmful emissions and 
improve their sustainability. 
Our purpose is to catalyse the net zero transition for our 
customers, and our strategy is derived from this purpose. 
In this report we explain some of the ways our solutions 
are already helping our customers meet their ambitions, 
and how we will create value for them and wider society 
over the coming years. Even while we reduce our own 
operational footprint to achieve net zero by 2040.
We know it’s not enough to be purpose-led: we also need 
to be performance-driven. If we are to enable this 
transformation for our customers, we must transform too.
Patrick Thomas
Chair
Liam Condon
Chief Executive Officer
Our purpose
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 20234
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
It’s a great privilege to be Chair of Johnson Matthey, 
a company with a rich history, world-class scientific skills 
and incredibly talented people. Over the last year, the 
Board has enjoyed working with Liam and his refreshed 
leadership team as they have injected pace and 
commercial thinking into the company’s new strategy.
In May 2022, we launched a transformation programme to strengthen our commercial focus, 
ensuring that we concentrate on the technologies and markets where we have the greatest 
strength and competitive advantage. 
This isn’t an overnight fix, but it is already starting to deliver. By creating a more focused 
portfolio with four business areas, we are driving value creation, taking a much more 
customer-centric approach in order to seize opportunities with a simplified operating model 
to drive execution. The Board’s challenge was how to measure and track progress, and I am 
pleased that we are seeing strong performance, delivering against strategic milestones. 
There is more information on this on page 13. 
We are transforming our business at a time when our markets are coming at us faster than 
ever before. For example, the pace of decarbonisation activities in China have accelerated as 
it becomes the world’s biggest fuel cell market. The EU has adopted a climate law enshrining 
its new climate targets of at least a 55% reduction in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
by 2030 compared to 1990 levels. And in the US, it is a completely changed regulatory 
landscape. There has been a lot of noise about the Inflation Reduction Act – it’s quite simply 
a global game-changer, offering $369 billion in subsidies.
We will always follow the markets and our customer demand – in the examples above, 
we are developing partnerships, winning business and helping customers catalyse the net 
zero transition. I am confident that this will continue to grow over the coming years.
Shareholder engagement 
This year, I have spent a significant amount of time talking to our shareholders about the 
direction of travel. I am pleased that they support our vision, and we are aligned on our 
strategic focus on the right growth markets. 
In addition, we engaged Rothschilds to undertake an independent perception study with 
investors. The purpose was to understand investors’ perceptions of, and market sentiment 
towards JM. The study included in-depth discussions with investors representing 33% of JM’s 
issued share capital and some of our core analysts. Covering strategy, business streams, 
management, valuation and environmental, social and governance (ESG), the study has been 
hugely useful for the Board and showed that we are on track and delivering in the right areas.
The study also highlighted the needs of different shareholders, with long-term shareholders 
focusing on our growth businesses and the future prospects of our Hydrogen Technologies 
and Catalyst Technologies businesses, while others are looking more for shorter-term 
performance including the ongoing success of Clean Air. But overall, the main message 
is that we have the building blocks in place to reinvigorate the investment case, underpinned 
by strong synergies between our businesses. I am confident that over the coming months, 
we will be able to show further strong evidence of delivery against our strategic milestones. 
We really do understand the need to prove we can maximise shareholder value in the Clean 
Air business, including plans for site rationalisation. We are working on other efficiencies, 
tidying the portfolio and delivering cost efficiencies. I am sure that we have the right strategy 
in place to maximise shareholder value in both the short and long term.  
Board focus and changes 
I believe that the role of the Board is twofold: to constructively challenge, and encourage and 
support. The effectiveness of this approach could be viewed in how we navigated some of the 
challenges this year, including the war in Ukraine, the energy crisis and inflationary pressures. 
Chris Mottershead will be retiring from the Board in January 2024, and I would like to thank 
him for all his hard work and dedication over the last eight years. With Chris’s departure, John 
O’Higgins will take over the role as Chair of the Remuneration Committee.  
I am very pleased that in July, Barbara Jeremiah will be joining the board as Senior 
Independent Director. Barbara brings strong leadership, deep understanding of metals, and 
has extensive experience in North American markets which will be important for JM as the 
group evolves. 
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my thanks to colleagues across the 
business who are at the heart of our strategy. It is because of their tireless work that JM is 
transforming into a company that is fit for the future and enabling our customers to catalyse 
the net zero transition. 
Patrick Thomas
Chair
Chair’s statement
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 5
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
The drivers  
of our changing  
world
Throughout the world, 2022/23 was marked by 
volatility. But underneath the spikes in energy prices, 
inflation, conflict and extreme weather, there is 
a deeper shift happening towards creating more 
sustainable ways of living. The transition to net zero 
requires a range of technological innovations. From 
hydrogen fuel cells to sustainable chemical feedstocks, 
from new sustainable fuels to advanced emission 
control solutions with circularity embedded – all have 
an important part to play in transforming energy, 
mobility and industrial systems.
Johnson Matthey is not simply reacting to a changing 
world; we are actively contributing to catalysing the net 
zero transition, providing solutions for our customers 
that will have a positive impact.
Our Materiality Statement
Johnson Matthey’s sustainability framework and targets cover all ESG topics considered 
important by our stakeholders. But we have also gone further to set targets on issues such 
as human rights, community impact and recycling which are not typically seen in the 
chemicals industry.
 You can read more about our Materiality Statement on page 23
Decarbonising modern life
It’s time for the world to move beyond fossil fuels and harness the power of more sustainable 
low carbon fuels, chemicals and industrial processes.
Sustainable fuels
Outlook
Many countries are setting transport 
targets for sustainable fuels or to phase out 
internal combustion engines. JM’s 
technology helps create low carbon 
options such as renewable (green) or low 
carbon (blue) hydrogen and fuel cell 
technology, as well as developing entirely 
new types of fuel from alternative 
feedstocks, such as waste. 
Opportunities and challenges
The demand for sustainable fuels is 
expected to grow significantly over the 
next 20 years. But a lot of work is still 
needed to find low carbon solutions for  
the aviation, maritime and heavy duty 
vehicle sectors in particular. 
What we are doing
Our methanol process and catalyst 
technology used in Chile’s Haru Oni project 
converts CO2 captured from the air to 
produce 550 million litres of e-fuels 
annually, enough for approximately 
220,000 gasoline vehicles. Our Fischer 
Tropsch (FT) CANS™ technology (co-
developed with bp) and HyCOgen™, which 
also use CO2 and green hydrogen, were 
selected by Aramco and Repsol for one of 
the earliest synthetic fuel plants, in Spain. 
We continue our research into using 
alternative feedstocks for aviation and other 
fuels, innovating to maintain technology 
leadership in these emerging markets. 
Sustainable chemicals
Outlook
Demand for primary chemicals is expected 
to grow by 25% by 2030. The industry 
currently accounts for 18% of the world’s 
CO2 emissions. Increasingly, customers are 
looking to combine alternative, 
sustainable feedstocks with catalyst 
technologies that can turn them into 
useful products.
Opportunities and challenges
There are two pillars of decarbonisation 
for the chemical industry. The first pillar 
is carbon reduction through process 
optimisation and adding carbon capture 
and storage technology to current 
processes. The second is carbon 
replacement, using more sustainable 
feedstocks. We have been turning 
traditional feedstocks into synthesis gas 
(syngas) for decades. Syngas, a mix of 
carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide and 
hydrogen, is essential in enabling the 
decarbonisation of chemical processes, 
since it can also be made from alternative, 
more sustainable feedstocks. 
What we are doing
For both pillars of decarbonisation, 
we have developed leading process 
technologies. For example, under the 
CLEANPACE brand, we can retrofit existing 
assets, enabling the reduction of carbon 
emissions from those processes  
by up to 95%.
1
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 20236
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION6 Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023
Creating a circular 
economy
Cleaner air, healthier 
people
An evolving regulatory 
landscape
Geopolitical and 
economic volatility
2 3 4 5
Outlook
If global consumption levels continue to 
grow at the current pace, there will simply 
not be enough natural resources to go 
around. So we need to put the right 
processes in place and embed circularity 
into how we source and use materials. 
Opportunities and challenges
We are already the world’s largest PGM 
recycler by volume. The amount of CO2 for 
an ounce of recycled PGM is 30-50 times 
lower than newly mined PGM. We can 
reduce the carbon footprint of our 
products but also our customers’ too in 
automotive, industrial, chemical and life 
sciences applications. We are applying our 
longstanding recycling expertise to 
emerging technologies, including fuel cell 
and electrolyser stacks to enable circularity 
in the hydrogen economy.
What we are doing
We understand the full life cycle of the 
PGMs in our products and continue to 
work with our partners to enable greater 
recycling and refining at the end of their 
life. We are investing in our global refining 
capabilities so that we are better 
positioned to deal with the increasing 
volume and range of materials we will 
need to recycle in the future. And in our 
innovation and R&D processes, we take 
”design for recycling” into account right 
from the start. 
Outlook
Air pollution kills millions of people every 
year and the majority of the world’s 
population are continually exposed to poor 
air quality. With increasing urbanisation, 
this problem looks set to intensify unless 
significant action is taken to reduce 
harmful emissions.
Opportunities and challenges
We know that transitioning the world’s 
transport systems to net zero is a long 
and complex process. While alternative 
powertrains, such as fuel cell and battery 
electric, continue to develop, automotive 
catalysts will be needed in engines using 
drop-in sustainable fuels. We need to be 
doing all we can to ensure the vehicles 
on our roads now are as clean as possible.
What we are doing
Today, one in three cars worldwide carries 
JM’s emission control technology. And we 
continue to invest and innovate to ensure 
that our technologies help customers meet 
the higher standards demanded by new 
legislations. We are investing in our plants 
throughout the world, and continue to 
innovate to further optimise performance 
of gasoline and diesel autocatalysts, as well 
as how best to control emissions from 
alternative fuel sources in the future.
Outlook
All over the world, governments are 
bringing in legislation to incentivise 
investments in sustainable technology 
and business practices. For example, 
2022 saw the introduction of the Inflation 
Reduction Act (IRA) in the US and the 
Green Deal Industrial Plan in Europe. 
These sit alongside a growing body 
of national legislation and targets to reach 
net zero by 2050. 
Opportunities and challenges
The market is moving in our direction 
faster than expected. Across the energy, 
chemicals and transport sectors, the 
transition being driven by these new 
requirements is likely to involve a mosaic 
of different technologies and solutions. 
In addition, governments are increasingly 
focused on security of supply for critical 
minerals, including PGMs, which is aligned 
to our recycling strategies.
What we are doing
We work alongside our partners and peers 
to create a unified voice to help influence 
policy in a way that accelerates the energy 
transition. For example, we are working 
closely with the Association for Emissions 
Control by Catalyst (AECC) and parties 
across the industry to ensure that the 
European Commission enables a swift 
adoption of the ambitious Euro 
7 emission standards. 
Outlook
Global GDP is predicted to slow in 
2023/24, with some countries potentially 
entering recession. Inflationary pressures, 
supply chain challenges as well as the 
ongoing impact of the conflict in Ukraine 
might affect activity. 
Opportunities and challenges
While Johnson Matthey continues to deal 
with economic headwinds, the 
macroeconomic picture demonstrates 
more than ever the importance of 
accelerating the energy transition. This 
has sharpened our focus, enabling us to 
be laser-clear on our strengths, and make 
progress towards our 2030 goals.
What we are doing
Our transformation and commitment to 
catalysing the net zero transition for our 
customers enables us to take full 
advantage of the opportunities we see 
being created in a more volatile and 
complex world. We have also adapted 
as necessary. In 2022, we ceased all new 
opportunities in Russia, closed our Moscow 
office and evaluated all other activities 
on a case by case basis. Our business 
units also made significant progress 
in recovering inflation costs 
throughout 2022/23. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 7
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATIONJohnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023
The drivers of our changing world continued
Our business model
Addressing three markets… We deliver through our four businesses…
Chemicals
Process and catalyst technologies that 
enable the production of chemicals, 
helping customers lower their carbon 
and environmental footprint.
Energy
Designing technologies for a range 
of sustainable energy sources, including 
hydrogen, sustainable aviation fuel, 
methanol and ammonia.
Automotive
Emission control systems that reduce  
NOx and other particulates that harm 
people and the environment.
Clean  
Air
Leading in autocatalyst 
markets 
 
 
See page 14-15 for where 
our catalysts are being used
Catalyst  
Technologies
#1 in syngas-based 
chemicals and fuels 
technology 
 
See page 18-19 for 
how we are leading 
in today’s markets
Hydrogen  
Technologies
Market leader in 
performance 
components for fuel 
cells and electrolysers 
See more on page 20-21 
on how we are developing 
the Hydrogen economy
c. 80%
PGMs used in our products are internally refined
Platinum Group Metal Services
#1 global PGM refiner 
 See page 16-17 on the PGM ecosystem
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 20238
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
By leveraging synergies and competitive advantages… To create value for stakeholders.
Expertise in metal chemistry
Everything we do across our four businesses is underpinned by our leadership  
in complex metal chemistry, catalysis and process engineering.
Mutual customers and partners
As our customers transition to net zero, we provide a fully integrated and 
comprehensive offering through collaboration across our business units.
Shared technology and capabilities
We have more than 1,600 scientists and engineers and common 
technology capabilities across all our businesses – with more than 
4,000 patents granted and around 2,000 applications pending.
Foundational PGM ecosystem
We have deep insights into PGM markets through our 
Precious Metal Management team and our refining operations. 
Around 80% of the PGMs we use are sourced internally from 
our refineries. This shared resource creates a resilient supply, 
lower exposure to price risk and efficient working capital. 
Security of supply
Our customers count on us for a reliable supply of PGMs and recycling 
services – around 50% of our Clean Air customers ask us to source their 
PGMs. This is because we are a metal hub for PGMs, underpinned by our 
status as the leading recycler of PGMs.
A comprehensive sustainability offering
Every part of our business is committed to helping our customers adapt  
processes and products to reach the sustainability goals our society and planet  
are depending on. 
Customers and strategic partners
Our customers gave us an average rating 
of 8.3 out of 10 in our annual customer 
satisfaction surveys. This is ahead of the 
industry average of 7.8. They highlight 
the depth of relationships and our 
technical capabilities.
8.3
out of 10 
Society
Our catalytic converters have been helping 
to improve air quality since 1974. 92,000 
additional tonnes of NOx were removed 
from tailpipes in 2022/23. 
 
762
Premature deaths prevented
Investors
Our performance-driven culture and 
play-to-win strategy create sustainable 
value for investors looking to support 
the net zero transition.
77.0p
Dividend maintained at the same level
Communities
We work with a range of partners on 
charitable giving and employee 
volunteering schemes.
2,063
volunteering days in 2022/23
Employees
Our teams are building a more sustainable 
future every day – and we ensure they 
are safe, supported and able to create 
rewarding careers at Johnson Matthey.
12,600
employees as of 31st March 2023
Suppliers
We partner with our suppliers to embed 
the highest standards to deliver for 
our customers.
38%
supplier spend (excl pgms) has EcoVadis 
medal for good ESG performance
Our business model continued
 For more information on our s172 statement please see page 72
 For more information on our Board’s engagement please see page 84
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 9
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Chief Executive Officer’s statement
This time last year I was very new to Johnson Matthey, and 
I wrote in the 2022 Annual Report how energised I was by 
JM’s purpose and the way our people use their expertise to 
help catalyse the net zero transition. In the past year I have 
been immensely privileged to visit many of our sites around 
the world and see for myself the extraordinary science, 
refining and manufacturing capabilities that have been 
the bedrock of our company for over 200 years.
Equally importantly, I have personally visited many of our key customers and have been 
encouraged by their feedback, but also motivated to ensure JM continues to transform 
to meet the needs of our customers and continue to lead in our chosen markets. 
Despite the global macro-economic challenges, I’m proud that Johnson Matthey has made 
good progress in delivering on our strategy and our milestones, with results in line with 
market expectations. There is more detail on the strategy on pages 12-13, but I am pleased 
that several regulatory tailwinds for renewable energy and decarbonisation mean that our 
chosen growth markets are going to be even bigger and are coming at us faster than 
originally anticipated.
Winning in our markets
In our strategy refresh in May 2022, we outlined how we would focus only on the markets 
where we can win, serving our customers through our four core businesses: Clean Air, PGMS,  
CT and HT. We said we would divest businesses that are not within the core portfolio and this 
is well on track, with the divestment of Piezo Products and Diagnostic Services.
 
Our core businesses have done very well in securing new customer commitments. Clean Air 
secured a number of important Euro 7 targeted customer wins, including all of Mercedes 
Benz’s light duty diesel business in Europe. 
CT business achieved its commercial milestones and signed several significant licences, 
including H2H Saltend, one of the UK’s largest low carbon (blue) hydrogen projects. In 
addition, our FT CANS™ technology has been selected by Strategic Biofuels for their Louisana 
project which aims to produce the world’s lowest carbon footprint liquid fuel.
HT secured a transformational strategic partnership with Plug Power, including a co-
investment in what is expected to be the largest (5GW scaling to 10GW over time) catalyst 
coated membrane (CCM) manufacturing facility in the world.
In our PGMS refining business we have won new contracts with a large miner, and increased 
our market share with some key recyclers. We have also won new contracts across our 
products business, most notably with our pharmaceutical and agro-chemical customers.
Financial performance in 2022/23
Our financial performance for the year was in line with market expectations, albeit below the 
prior year. The three main factors driving performance were lower precious metal prices 
(c. £55 million impact), cost inflation (particularly energy, raw materials and labour) and 
weak automotive and truck end markets which continued to be impacted by supply chain 
disruption. We experienced c. £150 million cost inflation, of which c. £95 million was 
recovered from customers in the year. As we sharpened our commercial focus and took 
action to increase efficiency, the recovery rate improved through the year as expected. I am 
pleased to confirm the total ordinary dividend will be 77.0 pence per share, maintained at the 
same level as last year.
Focus, simplify, execute
Over the year, we have achieved significant commercial progress and now have in place an 
internal commercial council to drive further progress across the company and create value for 
both our customers and JM. We have introduced customer-centricity training for all our 
leaders to put the voice of the customer front and centre, and improved our customer survey 
and feedback process. We have invested in our sales teams and have built coordinated key 
global account teams to enable better synergies across JM. 
Our manufacturing and refining expansion activities are on track, particularly for PGMS 
and HT, as we made significant investments to not only increase capacity but create 
world-class assets. This is really important as we are expecting strong growth for our 
businesses that catalyse the net zero transition, combined with higher recycling demand 
as we shift to a more circular economy. We have also invested significantly in our capital 
project planning and engineering capabilities, which were identified last year as key enablers 
to help drive our strategy. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202310
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Detailed results 
commentary online matthey.com/fy-22-23
Last year, I also outlined how we would simplify to become more cost-efficient and less 
bureaucratic. We have accelerated our efforts to streamline our corporate cost base and real 
estate footprint. We are also simplifying our business processes, which includes a new finance 
shared service centre in Kuala Lumpur to service all our regions in a much more standardised 
and efficient manner. This all gives me confidence that we’re building a stronger, more resilient 
business, fit for the future. 
Solid foundations for 2023/24
The global macro-economic situation remains challenging with continued high inflation, 
intermittent supply chain disruption and fluctuating metals pricing. But since we launched 
the new strategy, our growth markets have been accelerating towards us at a much faster 
pace than we anticipated even a year ago. This has been driven by energy-related challenges 
and subsequent regulatory changes, the most significant being the IRA in the US. 
By incentivising the production of low carbon production technologies, the IRA has drawn 
massive investment to the US and created a knock-on effect on green policy-making 
worldwide. In Europe, the EU has published the Green Deal Industrial Plan, the Net Zero Act 
and the Critical Raw Materials Act while the UK announced £20 billion of support for CCUS. 
This is a pivotal moment for clean energy, and we are more than ready to seize the opportunity. 
Our customers tell us we have some of the best, and often the very best, technology available for 
their needs, and we continue to invest strongly in R&D to support our growth.
Growing responsibly 
As we deliver against our strategy, it’s important we do so responsibly. We have made good 
progress against our sustainability targets, and significantly increased our climate ambition to 
ensure we are fully aligned with the 1.5 degree pathway to net zero. This year we were awarded 
the EcoVadis platinum rating, putting us in the top one percentile of 90,000 companies. 
This is great recognition of our commitments and the progress we’re making so far. 
Our people are at the heart of our plans. We recognised that employees were not immune 
to the cost-of-living crisis, so as a responsible employer we took steps to play our part. This 
included awarding pay increases, giving temporary supplementary allowances and providing 
support through Assist, giving our employees access to a team of highly trained and qualified 
professionals on a variety of financial well-being topics. 
We are disappointed that our employee engagement scores did not improve this year, 
although this is perhaps to be expected given the degree of transformation the company 
is going through. We have increased the training and support to leadership teams to help 
them build engagement, and we have revamped our performance management, reward 
and recognition schemes.
We continue to make safety our top priority, and improved safety leadership across all levels 
in the company. This has resulted in better occupational and process safety performance 
compared to last year.
 
During the year we welcomed three new members to our Group Leadership Team (GLT): 
Anne Chassagnette joined in May as our first Chief Sustainability Officer, and in July we 
welcomed Anish Taneja as CEO for Clean Air and Mark Wilson as CEO for Hydrogen Technologies.  
Ron Gerrard, Chief EHS and Operations Officer retired in February, and I am very grateful 
to him for his service to JM. Ron’s role was not replaced on the GLT, with his responsibilities 
divided among the existing members.
In summary, the refreshed strategy; more focused businesses where we play to win; a strong 
focus on efficiency and important investments for the future have created a strong foundation 
for sustainable growth. We are enhancing our competitiveness and I’m confident that our 
strategy will create significant value in the coming years. 
I would like to thank the Board for its strong support over the last year, and I would especially 
like to thank all our employees for their hard work, passion and commitment to make our 
strategy a success.
Liam Condon
Chief Executive Officer
“We are building a stronger,  
more resilient business,  
fit for the future”
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 11
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Chief Executive Officer’s statement continued
Our strategy 
We are playing to win in exciting growth markets where our core competencies  
and technology portfolio can have maximum impact. 
Disciplined capital allocation 
From 2022/23 to 2024/25, we expect to spend £1.1 billion on capital expenditure. 
This is focused on the core activities where we have the right to win and need to invest 
to drive growth – our PGM refineries, CT and HT.
We are maintaining a strong balance sheet and allocating capital in a disciplined way. 
This means investing for growth and attractive returns, ensuring a reliable dividend and 
returning excess cash to shareholders.
Simplify
Over the past 12 months, we have made progress to develop our people, enhance 
customer focus and simplify processes and organisational structure. 
Focus
We launched our revised strategy last year, focusing our portfolio on our core 
competencies in metal chemistry, catalysis and process technology and divesting  
Value Businesses. Our goal is to achieve a top three position in all our markets.  
Our business structure supports this by allowing us to maximise synergies across  
our four business units. Some notable achievements include:
• Launch of the JM Production System 
(JMPS), a common methodology and 
framework for driving continuous 
improvement in manufacturing, built 
around Clean Air’s automotive know-
how
• Reduction of global policies by 75% so 
they are now shorter, simpler and more 
focused
• Deployment of Workday as a single 
platform for managing employee and 
organisational data
• Eliminating 170 management roles, 
enabling investment in new capabilities 
and growth business. 
• Launch of a new finance shared service 
centre in Kuala Lumpur serving all 
regions
• Started to rationalise our sites, which is 
already delivering reductions in business 
rates, procurement and facilities 
management costs.
In total, these actions realised 
c. £45 million in new transformation 
savings in-year relative to 2021/22 actuals.
In the coming year, the drive to simplify 
and improve business processes will 
further accelerate. It will do so through our 
wide-ranging transformation programme 
that is fundamentally upgrading JM’s 
business processes and operating model. 
This includes actions to: 
• Accelerate consolidation of the Clean Air 
manufacturing footprint, focusing 
production on the highest productivity 
lines in North Macedonia, Poland,  
the US, China and India
• Deploy a common procurement 
management platform, driving spend to 
fewer strategic suppliers and increasing 
competitive sourcing on all commodities
• Transition delivery of major capital 
projects to a global team with enhanced 
capabilities in project, contract and 
partner management
• Implement a strengthened approach 
to performance management 
and feedback
• Deliver more than c. £65 million 
in transformation and procurement 
savings in 2023/24.
Leading in 
autocatalyst 
markets
#1 in syngas-
based chemicals 
and fuels 
technology
Market leader in 
performance 
components for 
hydrogen fuel cells 
and electrolysers
#1 global PGM refiner
Our strategic priorities
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202312
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Strategic milestones End of  
2022/23
End of  
2023/24
Progress in 2022/23 Status
Customers
Win at least 2 large scale strategic partnerships  
in Hydrogen Technologies
• Partnerships announced with Plug Power and Hystar 
Win targeted Euro 7 business and deliver 
on £4 billion+ trajectory for Clean Air
• Firmly on track to win on targeted Euro 7 business AND 
deliver £4 billion+ cash 
Win >10 additional large scale projects1 • Won five additional large scale projects to date
Investments
Expand PGM Services refining capacity in China • PGM Services refining capability in China is complete 
and ramping up
Complete construction of Hydrogen Technologies 
CCM plant in UK2
• New CCM plant in UK is on time and on budget
Targeted capacity expansion (fuel cells catalyst, 
formaldehyde catalyst)
• On track
Complete divestment of Value Businesses • Divestment of Piezo Products, Diagnostic Services 
People
Achieve >70% employee engagement score3 • Employee engagement score has not improved in 2022/23 
due to transformation programme
Sustainability
Achieve c. 10% reduction in Scope 1+2 GHG 
emissions against 2019/20 baseline
• Achieved 13% reduction in Scope 1 + 2 GHG emissions
Help customers reduce GHG emissions by >1mt 
p.a. through use of our products
• Reduced customers’ GHG emissions by 850,000 p.a. 
through use of our products
Execute
Our strategy is underpinned by 
a maturing performance culture.  
By combining science and purpose  
with a more commercial mindset,  
we are driving stronger execution, 
unlocking near-term cost opportunities 
and positioning ourselves for  
long-term growth.
We have committed to reaching  
10 strategic milestones by the end of 
2023/24 that evidence the execution  
of our strategy. Focused on customers, 
investments, people and sustainability, 
our strong progress across these 
milestones highlights the success of 
our performance culture.
1. Includes Catalyst Technologies and Hydrogen Technologies projects
2. To expand total capacity from 2GW to 5GW
3. New methodology for measuring employee engagement (Workday Peakon) now in place  
Baseline score of 6.9 achieved in 2022/23, with new target of 7.2 by 2024/25
Key
 On track
 Requires focus
Group Commercial Council
We created a commercial council 
to strengthen our commercial 
capabilities and cross-JM synergies, 
with a strong focus on value 
creation. The council is harnessing 
the power of all our businesses 
by taking an integrated oneJM 
approach to our customers, 
maximising our current 
partnerships and building new 
profitable business.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 13
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Our strategy continued
Clean Air
Improving air quality, transforming mobility
Our catalytic converters have been helping 
improve air quality since 1974. Today, our 
products are installed in around one-third of 
all new cars on the road, as well as a significant 
number of trucks and buses around the world. They 
actively deliver cleaner air to billions of people globally. 
Climate change and a growing body of air quality 
regulations are pushing the automotive 
industry to build cleaner engines and deliver 
new powertrain options. With our decades 
of experience in the industry and long 
history of innovation, we aim to be 
the lasting partner for our customers, 
playing a significant role in the 
transformation of mobility. 
Positioning ourselves to win big
Our leading role in auto-catalysts is underpinned by deep expertise in complex PGM 
chemistry and catalysis, distinctive technology, longstanding relationships and a global 
state-of-the-art production footprint. As the auto industry goes through unprecedented 
change, transitioning towards zero-emission vehicles, clean and efficient internal combustion 
engine vehicles have a big role to play for decades to come. We aim to be the lasting partner 
that our customers can rely on at each step of their journey towards sustainable mobility. 
Customer facing and market-focused
The global regulatory landscape will continue to be favourable to our business. Our best-
in-class technology is ready to help our customers meet more challenging regulations that 
improve air quality and ultimately save lives. Our use of modelling is increasing the speed 
and accuracy of our product and system designs – helping to create more value for existing 
customers and win new ones.
Our catalysts enable our customers’ flexibility in fuel choice – from traditional diesel 
or gasoline, to hydrogen, to e-fuels. Our catalysts also reduce emissions from marine and 
stationary sources, for example, in data centres. These are markets that will continue to grow 
over the next decade.  
92k
additional tonnes of 
NOx removed from 
tailpipes in 2022/23
We play a leading role in heavy 
duty diesel technology 
Around 1 out of 3 new cars on 
the road use our catalysts
Our marine catalysts reduce 
100k tonnes of NOx annually
Our industrial catalysts reduce 
11k tonnes of NOx annually
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202314
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Synergy in action
The energy transition will require a mosaic of different technologies and processes. 
This is why it’s vital our Clean Air customers are aware of the full offer from Johnson 
Matthey so our new sales approach will provide customers with a much more 
comprehensive and holistic service. For example, we may be in discussion with a 
customer about emissions control and find that their hydrogen division needs support 
in optimising existing infrastructure to support deployment at scale going forward. 
This is something our Hydrogen Technologies team can support. We know how these 
customers operate, and we can help them transition as the powertrain evolves.
Our performance in 2022/23
In Clean Air, we are focused on our target of generating at least £4 billion of cash to 2030/31, 
which is underpinned by tightening emission control legislation, business wins, 
manufacturing footprint consolidation and other fixed cost reductions. In 2022/23 we 
generated around £600 million of cash, taking our cumulative cash generation over two 
years to £1.4 billion. However, underlying operating profit declined 28% to £230 million and 
margins decreased to 8.7%. This largely reflected cost inflation, product mix, lower volumes, 
and the transactional impact of exchange rates. We saw an improvement in margins during 
the year due to an acceleration in our pricing, and we are expecting strong growth in 
operating performance in 2023/24.
We continued to build our commercial muscle, improving our inflation recovery rate with the 
majority of the recovery in the second half of the year, while also winning our targeted business 
linked to Euro 7 and equivalent legislation globally. During the year we won all of Mercedes 
Benz’s light duty diesel business in Europe, and the global contracts covering light duty gasoline 
and diesel with a leading automotive OEM. As further evidence of our stronger commercial 
muscle, these wins were achieved whilst negotiating inflationary cost increases and improving 
our customer satisfaction score by five points. Consequently, we are outperforming the rate of 
business wins required to achieve our cash generation target of at least £4 billion by 2030/31.
Supply chain disruption, semiconductor shortages and the ongoing consequences of the global 
pandemic all affected our customers, creating additional challenges around variability and 
predictability of demand. Our logistics partners also experienced continued pressure around 
capacity, cost and lead times. We worked hard to support our entire value chain – and our 
efforts led to us winning several customer awards, including the 2022 General Motors Overdrive 
Award for Relationship.
We are optimising our manufacturing footprint to not only drive efficiencies but strengthen 
our development, manufacturing and delivery processes. Our optimised footprint will be more 
agile and flexible, allowing us to respond quickly to market changes. 
In China, we have adapted our commercial and technology structure to have more of a local 
focus. This improved our chances of successful delivery to the local market and provides even 
more growth potential for the region moving forward.
Continuing to win big with some of the 
world’s largest companies
All over the world, governments are 
introducing increasingly stringent 
air quality and pollution legislation. 
This creates a big opportunity for Clean 
Air, and the last year has seen us continue 
to win new business and strengthen 
existing relationships. 
In an increasingly challenging and 
competitive market environment, our 
investment in our sales capabilities and 
new focus on value and pricing, led by the 
commercial council, is generating positive 
results. To deliver £4 billion cash by  
2030/31, we will need to continue to build 
on the momentum generated this year. 
Among our big wins in 2022/23 were: 
• Breaking the record for the largest 
business deal in JM’s history with a new 
£1.2 billion deal with a leading 
automotive company
• Securing a 10-year deal worth 
£450 million with a world-famous 
automotive brand’s three European 
platforms 
• Awarded the entire Euro 7 light duty 
diesel business of one of our long-
standing automotive clients 
• Securing £50 million and £180 million 
deals with two of India’s largest 
commercial vehicle manufacturers.
Watch: fighting pollution  
for 50 years and beyond: matthey.com/
clean-air-50-years
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 15
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Clean Air continued
Platinum Group Metal Services  
The industry-leading, growth-focused  
bedrock of Johnson Matthey
We apply our deep expertise and long history 
in platinum group metals (PGMs) to provide 
solutions to the complex challenges our customers 
face. Our chemistry facilitates the transition to 
net zero, delivering products to our customers across the 
chemical, energy and transport industries and beyond.
We are the largest refiner of secondary PGMs (by volume) 
and account for circa 20% of all global PGMs refined 
(primary and secondary). This makes us a vital cog in the 
global economy and a partner of choice for customers who 
want an end-to-end service for PGMs. Our expertise in 
PGM catalysis and performance underpins much of the 
innovation across Johnson Matthey, drives synergies 
across our business and strengthens our global position 
in our key markets. 
Leaders in circularity
Circularity of PGMs is an essential part of the net zero transition. With limited quantities 
of these critical minerals available, recycling plays a crucial role in securing the metal needed 
to supply existing and future demand. Recycled metal also significantly reduces waste and 
energy usage compared to primary mining, minimising the environmental impact of global 
PGM value chains. 
c. 80%
of PGMs used in JM products are internally refined
Components and 
materials
End of life 
products
Refining Recovery of PGMs 
Spent products from 
automotive and industrial 
uses
The PGM ecosystem
We optimise the use of these critical materials, sourcing, fabricating and recycling them to 
enable their circular use.
Efficient metal separation
Full seven metal separation
Ru
44
Pd
46
Rh
45
Au
79
Ir
77
Ag
47
Pt
78
Refining to commercial grade purity
Full refining  
cycle with metal 
management options 
and ongoing  
technical support
Manufacture of value 
added applications
PGM supply and 
management
up to 95%
lower carbon footprint of PGMs from secondary refined metals compared to primary1
1. IPA website link https://ipa-news.de/index/sustainability/ 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202316
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Our performance in 2022/23
As with businesses across the globe, adverse macro-economic trends are impacting our 
performance. Underlying operating profit declined 21% mainly impacted by lower average 
PGM prices (c. £55 million impact*) and reduced refinery volumes. Cost inflation was more 
than offset by efficiency benefits, as well as higher pricing across both our refining and 
products businesses. 
We continued to invest in the long term future of our refineries, updating our assets so that 
we are fully positioned to capture the opportunities in the coming decades. In China, we have 
expanded our capabilities and now provide a full refinery offering, consolidating our position 
as a global leader in PGMs. 
Globally we continue to make progress towards an integrated closed loop solution for CCM 
recycling for Hydrogen Technologies. This will allow us to once again be a leading innovator 
in making circularity a reality in our markets, and in doing so, we will add to our value 
proposition to Hydrogen Technologies customers.
Throughout 2022/23 we consulted with a range of government agencies around the world 
on matters relating to critical material supply, circularity and the transition to net zero. Our 
expertise is actively helping to drive forward the global green economy through contributing 
to policy development and technological progress.
Positioning ourselves for long-term success
In the longer term, we see significant opportunities for PGMS. Platinum and iridium in 
particular are growth areas given they are critical enablers of the hydrogen economy. We also 
see new opportunities for palladium in industrial applications, including sustainable aviation 
fuels. We have world-leading expertise in securing a sustainable supply, through responsible 
sourcing and recycling. In addition, our ability to provide low carbon refined metals will 
be increasingly important to our customers and society over time.
PGMS is also a critical enabler for our other core businesses. We offer them an integrated 
ecosystem with expert knowledge of the PGM markets, responsible and sustainable metal 
sourcing, value added PGM catalysts and solutions for end-of-life recycling of their products. 
Our R&D priorities include a closed loop solution for CCMs used in fuel cells and electrolysers, 
recovering the PGMs and ionomers, making it more sustainable and cost-effective for 
our customers.
 * £55 million adverse impact represents a gross PGM price impact before any foreign exchange movement
Synergy in action
We’ve advised, supplied and facilitated recycling for big OEMs in the automotive industry for 
the last 30-40 years, working closely with the Clean Air business. We have created a model 
that enables us to work in partnership with our customers, offering a full range of services. 
This is a blueprint that we will leverage as the CT and HT businesses continue to grow.
Efficiency, performance and circularity 
in our products 
PGMs are essential to the processes and 
technologies that enhance our daily lives, 
but it’s not always obvious where they’re 
used. One example is pharmaceutical 
manufacturing. PGM catalysts and 
biocatalysts are used across a vast range 
of drug synthesis processes to enable 
complex chemical structures to be formed. 
They also help reduce the overall number 
of process steps in the synthesis, along 
with waste. 
We work with our pharmaceutical 
customers to develop tailored solutions 
and optimise catalyst performance for 
a wide range of drug synthesis steps. 
This includes reducing the metal loadings 
through catalyst thrifting. Using less metal 
not only lowers costs, but can also reduce 
the CO₂ footprint of production processes.
Our unique end-to-end offering means 
that while we source PGMs and use them 
to create products for specialist 
applications, we also maximise their value 
by recovering and refining them. For our 
pharmaceutical customers, this happens 
in a closed loop, giving them a sustainable 
supply of PGMs. 
If you’ve bought or been prescribed 
medication, you may well have benefitted 
from our expertise in PGMs and catalysis.
Watch: a circular solution  
for a net zero future: matthey.com/circular-
solution-for-net-zero
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION 17
Platinum Group Metal Services continued
Catalyst Technologies
Enabling the chemicals and fuels 
industries to operate efficiently and 
transition to net zero 
Our Catalyst Technologies business focuses on  
our core expertise in process technology and 
catalysis. Our products enable our customers  
to create the chemicals and fuels of today and  
the future which positively impact the everyday 
lives of millions of people.
We have worked for decades in partnership with our customers to improve the efficiency 
and sustainability of their processes, but there is more we can do to reduce the environmental 
impact of these chemicals and fuels across their full lifecycle. So we are developing robust 
solutions with our customers that reduce their process emissions today while enabling them 
to replace fossil-based feedstocks with more sustainable options.
Sharpening our commercial focus in a changing world
Catalyst Technologies has segment-leading positions in methanol, formaldehyde, and 
hydrogen – all technologies that build on our core strengths in syngas production, purification 
and conversion.
We’ve adapted our approach to our customers to make sure that we are creating value for 
both them and us in a high inflationary and energy cost environment. 
We are also driving awareness among current and new customers to the many ways Johnson 
Matthey as a whole can partner with them as their industries evolve.
Our expertise underpins our suite of decarbonisation technologies, led by our low carbon 
(blue) hydrogen and our sustainable fuels offering. We are well placed to capture the sizeable 
opportunity presented by valorising non-fossil feedstocks like biomass, renewable (green) 
hydrogen and captured CO2 over the coming decades. But we can also help customers with 
existing assets to minimise their environmental footprint as regulations tighten and carbon 
taxes increase.
In line with our new strategy, we are transforming how we work so that we can take  
full advantage of the opportunities generated by the chemical industry’s decarbonisation 
journey and positioning our technologies to lie at the heart of the energy transition. 
How Catalyst Technologies helps our customers
• World-class catalysts and chemical processes – to get the most of their assets; increasing 
efficiency, maximising output, reducing both operational and capital expenditure
• Carbon management – helping current asset owners reduce their environmental footprint 
and mitigate future financial impacts
• Low carbon new energy – helping customers catalyse their plans for the energy transition 
with technologies that can be deployed at scale now. 
Synergy in action
We are ensuring that all our customers are aware of the benefits brought by the shared 
technology, insight and ecosystem across Johnson Matthey.
We all know that transportation needs to decarbonise. However, there is no one technology 
that meets the needs of every market. But we can provide a range of solutions, whether it’s 
hydrogen fuel cells, drop-in liquid hydrocarbon fuels, or emission control solutions for engines 
running on sustainable fuels. Our Bioforming™ technology, co-developed with Virent, 
produces sustainable gasoline and aviation fuel, and in January, Emirates operated a 
milestone demonstration flight, using fuel produced by our process blended to create 100% 
sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) in one of the engines of a Boeing 777-300ER. This is only 
made possible by JM’s deep understanding of PGM chemistry and circularity, leveraging skills 
in PGMS. It’s why JM is better together.
Another synergy is in hydrogen, covering both production and use. From reducing the carbon 
intensity of current customers’ assets to producing components for green hydrogen that can 
be used in e-fuels and chemicals, we’re ready to support our customers wherever they are 
in the journey.
Industrial and consumer Fuels
Methanol
Including paints, 
coatings and 
polymers
#1
global segment 
position
Formaldehyde
Including wood 
products
#1
global segment 
position
Ammonia
Including fertilizers
Top 3
global segment 
position
Transportation fuelsNatural gasNatural gas 
purification
#1
global segment 
position
Refining  
additives
Top 2
global segment 
position
Leading in today’s markets
Refinery  
Hydrogen
#1
global segment  
position
In the submarket segments in which we operate
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202318
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Reputation. Innovation. Commercialisation at scale
Our reputation in process technology, coupled with our deep knowledge of metal chemistry 
and catalysis, is generating value today for our customers. And a growing part of our business 
will be to innovate and deliver the technologies at scale to address tomorrow’s challenges.
Building strong partnerships, both commercially and technically, is key to success in the move 
to a net zero world. A great example of this is our work with Honeywell UOP to integrate leading 
carbon capture technology into our syngas decarbonisation technologies. In the case of our 
LCH™ technology, this collaboration creates a solution that delivers a 99% CO2 capture rate that 
is ready to be deployed today.
Many of the critical innovations inside our emerging syngas offers, such as our HyCOgen™ 
reverse water gas shift and ammonia cracking licences, have their basis in technologies with 
proven real-world operation over decades in other markets. So our customers can be confident 
we can help them decarbonise successfully. For example, the H2H Saltend project in the UK will 
use JM’s LCH™ technology in its 600MW low carbon hydrogen production plant with carbon 
capture. This is just one of several leading-edge decarbonisation projects in Europe and North 
America that show the value we bring to partnerships.
Our performance in 2022/23
Like the rest of the business, Catalyst Technologies continued to deal with economic 
headwinds in 2022/23. Underlying operating profit of £51 million was in line with the prior 
year. Margins declined to 9.1%; however we saw good improvement from the first to the 
second half of the year. Higher pricing, improved product mix and the benefits of our 
transformation programme offset significant cost inflation and the loss of business in Russia.  
Despite these challenges, sales during the period were up 17%, with strong growth in 
licensing and growth in first fills and refills reflecting higher pricing and positive mix. We 
continued to deliver on our commercial and strategic goals. Our sharper commercial focus 
has resulted in us winning 12 new licences. We are also making good progress towards CT 
and HT’s 2023/24 goal of winning more than ten additional large-scale projects, with five 
added to our portfolio. Our continued investment in our business is exemplified by the 
formaldehyde catalyst capacity expansion in our facility in Perstorp, Sweden. This is 
progressing well and is on track to be fully operational in early 2024/25, increasing the site’s 
capacity by around 50%.
We will focus on further strengthening the value creation from our core catalyst businesses and 
leveraging our strong customer satisfaction scores. Internally, we will maintain the momentum 
we created in 2022/23 around simplifying our operations, creating clearer accountability and 
setting performance targets that deliver value today and growth for the future.
Our R&D teams continue to innovate on the catalysts, reactors and process concepts that 
together enable technology leadership in low carbon (blue) hydrogen and sustainable 
aviation fuels as well as ammonia cracking and other e-fuels. We are creating cost-effective 
solutions with low carbon intensity tailored to the feedstocks of the future. We are also 
investing in sustainable catalyst manufacturing technologies across the portfolio. 
Catalyst Technologies continued
Pioneering the use of household waste 
as a feedstock with Fulcrum Sierra
Along with international energy company 
bp, we are enabling the world’s first 
commercial-scale plant to use household 
rubbish as a feedstock for the production 
of synthetic crude oil. Using our FT CANS™ 
technology, the Fulcrum Sierra Biofuels 
Plant in Reno, Nevada, is expected to 
produce around 11 million gallons of 
product annually from 175,000 tonnes 
of landfill waste that can be refined into 
renewable, low carbon transportation fuel.
JM and bp have worked with waste-to-
fuels developer Fulcrum to use FT CANS 
technology since 2018. 
This project lays important foundations 
for the transition to a less carbon-intensive 
economy. In order to reach its climate 
goals of achieving net zero by 2050, 
the aviation industry needs reliable and 
scalable sources of alternative fuels. Using 
waste as feedstock will also help to reduce 
both the amount of waste sent to landfill 
and the methane produced through 
biodegradation.
Watch: ready for take off: matthey.com/
ready-for-take-off
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 19
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Hydrogen Technologies 
Providing critical components for the  
emerging hydrogen economy
Renewable (green) hydrogen has the potential 
to transform energy systems. As a fuel, it creates 
no carbon emissions, and if the electricity used 
to produce it comes from renewable sources, the 
environmental benefits are tremendous. Global 
investment, innovation and demand for green 
hydrogen solutions is growing rapidly. To make 
the hydrogen economy viable, businesses need two 
processes: a way to use renewable electricity to split water 
into hydrogen and oxygen, and fuel cells to turn that 
hydrogen back into electricity when and where it is 
needed. Our specialist catalyst coated membranes (CCMs) 
are essential to both of these processes. 
Customer-led growth
Johnson Matthey has been active in hydrogen in fuel cells for over 20 years, and our Hydrogen 
Technologies business is playing to win in the hydrogen market. In order to fully capitalise on 
this fast growth market, we need to be able to move quickly, scale effectively and efficiently 
manage the risks inherent in doing so. As the market becomes increasingly crowded, being 
able to demonstrate the competitiveness of our offer and the scale of our capabilities will be 
hugely important.
Partnerships and strategic relationships with customers are critical to our goal of becoming 
a market leader. We aim to partner with the expected winners in the markets for fuel 
cells and electrolysis, and to do this we have put customer-led growth at the heart of our 
commercial strategy. We look to partner with strategic customers early in their development 
cycle. These are partners that we believe have the capabilities to win in their markets. 
Our partnership with Plug Power is proof that this approach is working.
Raw materials Components
Stack assembly and 
systems integration Application
Fuel cells
Electric current
Air
Water
Hydrogen
Catalyst 
coated 
membrane 
(CCM)
Membrane 
electrode 
assembly 
(MEA)
Hydrogen
Electric current
Water
Oxygen
Electrolyser
End-user markets
Precious metal recycling
Focused on delivering performance-defining components for the hydrogen economy
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202320
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Accelerating the hydrogen economy 
with Plug Power
Synergy in action
Businesses across the global economy are looking at hydrogen as a way of decarbonising. 
We work to leverage existing relationships with Clean Air customers to provide a range 
of sustainability technologies to the automotive industry. Many of Catalyst Technologies’ 
customers are also exploring hydrogen as a cleaner fuel alternative to hydrocarbons. 
They face a choice between blue hydrogen and carbon capture or powering themselves 
with green hydrogen. We can then complete the end-to-end value chain through our 
PGMS capabilities, from sourcing to end-of-life recycling. Whatever our customers choose, 
Johnson Matthey is there to support them.
In early 2023, we announced a new, 
long-term partnership with Plug Power, 
a global leader in the hydrogen value 
chain. As the company’s strategic partner, 
we will provide the catalysts, membranes 
and catalyst coated membranes 
Plug needs to reach its revenue target 
of US$20 billion by 2030.
Not only are we bringing our catalysis 
expertise, precious metal supply security 
and unique recycling capabilities to the 
table, but we are also co-investing in what 
will likely be the largest CCM manufacturing 
facility in the world – expected to begin 
production in the US in 2025.
The partnership is a game-changer for 
the hydrogen economy. Plug Power is a 
leading player in building an end-to-end 
green hydrogen ecosystem, helping 
companies like Amazon and BMW 
decarbonise. Its decision to partner with 
us is not only a demonstration of our 
expertise in CCMs – but proof that our 
manufacturing capabilities have the 
potential to bring new scale and volume 
to the emerging hydrogen economy.
An essential part of the transition to net zero
Achieving net zero requires a range of technologies. Fuel cells using hydrogen provide an 
alternative to diesel, without the associated emissions. We believe the market for hydrogen-
powered heavy duty trucks and stationary systems will see significant growth towards 2030.
The predicted rapid market growth and demand are coming at us faster than ever before, 
partly due to significant regulatory changes to support commercial scale projects for production 
and infrastructure – such as the Inflation Reduction Act in the US and the UK’s Automotive 
Transition Fund. The convergence of these market changes shines a spotlight on our 
technologies, builds rapid growth and moves the dial on the transition to net zero. 
Our performance in 2022/23
We made major progress towards all of our strategic goals this year. Our sales have doubled 
over the course of 2022/23, and we achieved our goals of expanding our customer base, 
announcing long-term strategic partnerships with Plug Power and Hystar. We are seeing 
a trend of businesses that have previously tried to manufacture CCMs by themselves talking 
to us about working together in the future. Demand from existing customers is increasing too. 
The underlying operating loss of £45 million primarily reflects increased investment into 
product development and building capability as we scale the business to meet customer 
demand, partly offset by higher volumes.
Although we faced the same inflationary pressures as the rest of Johnson Matthey in 2022/23, 
our business was less impacted by volatility and economic headwinds. This is due to us 
operating in a rapidly growing market that has benefited from regulatory support. 
We have three main priorities for 2023/24. One, to continue focusing on commercial 
performance and developing new and existing partnerships; two, increasing our production 
capacity, with our major site in Royston completing construction, as well as projects starting 
in the US and China. Finally, we continue to invest in the next generation of our technology, 
both on our own and alongside our partners. Our R&D will focus on continuing to improve 
product efficiencies, including reducing utilisation of precious metals such as iridium within 
electrolysis CCM as well as optimising activity of platinum catalysts in fuel cells.
 Watch: ramping up to reach net zero:  
matthey.com/hydrogen-for-net-zero
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 21
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Hydrogen Technologies continued
Sustainability
Embedding sustainability into everything we do 
We are a global leader in sustainable technologies. Through inspiring science and  
continued innovation, we are catalysing the net zero transition for millions of people  
every day. Our skills and technologies are important today as businesses and communities 
adapt to the challenges of climate change. But advancing sustainability isn’t just about  
our portfolio of technologies, it’s also about our own operations, how we work together  
and hold ourselves accountable for our impacts on society. 
Our Societal Value Committee (SVC), which is made up of the full board, met four times this   
year to review progress in delivering on our sustainability commitments see page 88. 
Our Sustainability Council, which is made up of our Group Leadership Team (GLT), met four 
times this year to decide the direction of our sustainability strategy and monitor progress. 
Our senior leaders and directors are incentivised to deliver on our sustainability ambitions 
through sustainability objectives included in our long-term Performance Share Plan (PSP) 
– see page 122 for details.
SDG 3 – Good health and wellbeing
SDG 7 – Affordable and clean energy
SDG 12 – Responsible consumption and production
SDG 13 – Climate action
Not assigned to priority SDGs 
69%
0%
5%
8%
18%
63%
5%
7%
14%
11%
• Emission control technologies that reduce harmful oxides of nitrogen (NOx)  
and particulates from vehicle tailpipes and stationary engines
• Purification technologies that reduce harmful contaminants, such as mercury,  
from industrial processes
• Refinery additives to mitigate NOx and oxides of sulphur (SOx) emissions 
• Catalysts used to make pharmaceutical ingredients
• Renewable (green) hydrogen technologies that will support the drive to zero 
carbon hydrogen production using renewable energy and electrolysis
• Low-carbon (blue) hydrogen technologies that are available today to help 
make low-carbon hydrogen at scale 
• Technologies that turn high sources of carbon, such as household waste,  
into sustainable aviation fuels
• Fuel cell components for low-carbon transportation and distributed power units
• Nitrous oxide (N2O) abatement systems
• PGM recycling to recover and reuse scarce resources
• Chloride guards to prevent corrosion
• PURACARETM services to reduce maintenance lifetime and end-of-life recovery
• CAT-AIDTM products to extend catalyst life
Our products and services are where we believe we can have most positive impact on society and we have aligned our 
strategy with four of the UN SDGs.
89.5% R&D 
spend  
 contributing  
to priority  
UN SDGs
82.0% sales  
from products 
contributing  
to priority  
UN SDGs
We track our sales and investment in R&D against these global priorities.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202322
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Nature and circularity
Climate
People
Planet
Catalysing 
the net zero 
transition
Safety and diversity
Leading ESG ratings
A new focus on our 
core material topics
This year, the whole of Johnson Matthey has 
been making changes to become a more 
customer-facing, commercially minded 
and agile business with the strategy simplify, 
focus, execute.  
To support this, in partnership with an 
independent third-party, we refreshed our 
materiality assessment to ensure that our 
sustainability strategy, goals and targets 
are focused both on our biggest impacts 
on society and those areas of most 
importance to our stakeholders. We 
benchmarked our existing strategy against 
industry ESG standards, legislation 
requirements and sector peers. As a result, 
we reorganised our existing sustainability 
goals and targets for 2030 under new themes 
to better articulate the most material benefits 
that we believe we can bring to society. 
We increased the ambition in our climate-
related 2030 targets to focus and align them 
better with our company purpose. 
  See page 222 for our list of material topics as 
approved in the SVC meeting in September 2022
AAA rated
93rd top percentile  
top six European 
chemical 
companies
97th top 
percentile 
Medium risk 
(22.8) 13th 
percentile, where 
1st is top, in 
Chemicals sector
‘B’ Climate 
rated  
’B’ Water rated 
Platinum rated 
(top1%) 45th / 4000 3rd / 54
Protecting  
the climate
Drive lower global greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions
Achieve net zero by 2040
Protecting nature  
and advancing the 
circular economy
Conserve scarce resources
Minimise our environmental 
footprint
Promoting a safe, diverse and equitable society
Keep people safe
Create a diverse, inclusive and engaged company
Uphold human rights
Invest in our local communities
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 23
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
Goals  Key performance indicators (KPIs) 2030 target 2022/23 performance Progress towards 2030 target 
from baseline
0% 100%
Planet: Protecting the climate
Our goal: Drive lower global greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions
1. GHG emissions avoided per year using technologies enabled by 
JM’s products and solutions, compared to conventional offerings
50 million  
tonnes CO2e
0.85 million  
tonnes CO2e
1%
Our goal: Achieve net zero by 2040 2. Reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions 42% 13% reduction against baseline 31%
3. Reduction in Scope 3 GHG emissions from purchased goods and 
services
42% 27% reduction against baseline 65%
Planet: Protecting nature and advancing the circular economy
Our goal: Conserve scarce resources 4. Recycled PGM content in JM’s manufactured products 75% 69%
0%
-18%
Our goal: Minimise our environmental 
footprint 
5. Reduction in total hazardous waste 50% 1% reduction against baseline 3%
6. Reduction in net water usage 25% 5% reduction against baseline 21%
People: Promoting a safe, diverse and equitable society
Our goal: Keep people safe 7. Total recordable injury and illness rate (TRIIR) for employees and 
contractors 
<0.25 0.47 59%
8. ICCA process safety event severity rate (PSESR) 0.4 1.0 21%
Our goal: Create a diverse, inclusive 
and engaged company
9. Employee engagement score >8.0 6.9 new methodology this year
10. Female representation across all management levels 40% 28%
0%
-19%
Our goal: Uphold human rights % supplier spend assessed for human rights risk and remedial plans 
in place where high risks identified  
– 22% no target set for 2030
Our goal: Invest in our local communities Number of days of volunteering in our local communities  
by our employees
– 2,063 days no target set for 2030
Our sustainability targets for 2030 are ambitious, but they build off the incredible impact our 
products and services already have. Our growing business of coated membranes is enabling 
the next generation of low carbon hydrogen technology, and our catalysts reduce pollution 
and help the global chemical industry de-fossilise. All this is underpinned by our circular PGM 
economy that helps reduce waste and make the most of scarce resources. For decades our 
expertise in metal chemistry has helped to solve the complex challenges of air pollution, and 
now our technologies are accelerating the transition to net zero. 
This year we have decided to scale up our ambition and announce tougher GHG reduction 
targets for 2030 which will firmly put us on Science Based Targets initiative’s (SBTi)1.5°C 
trajectory and place us among the leading group of global businesses aiming for a rise of 
no more than 1.5°C. We have submitted them to SBTi for validation, as part of our Net Zero 
Standard application. 
ERM Certification and Verification Services have provide limited assurance to ISAE3000 
standard of selected KPIs with 2030 targets. Please see pages 228-230 for more details.
Our sustainability targets for 2030
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202324
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
Our goal: Drive lower global greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions
Sales of our fuel cell components already help our customers avoid GHG emissions every  
year and are on track to achieve our milestone of 1 million tonnes saved by end of 2023/24. 
This currently only represents 1.1% of our sales (excl platinum group metals, PGM), but we 
want to amplify our impact considerably over the next decade. Our capabilities, experience 
and scale put us in a great position to play to win in additional emerging markets, such as 
clean hydrogen and sustainable fuels.
Last year we set ourselves the target that Johnson Matthey technologies would contribute 
towards avoiding 50 million tonnes of GHGs entering the atmosphere per year by 2030, 
compared to conventional technologies in 2020. This is equivalent to avoiding the 
emissions from half of UK transport2. During the year we have signed significant 
partnerships, and our major partnership with Plug Power will enable the manufacturing of 
significant volumes of catalyst-coated membranes for hydrogen production and fuel cells in 
the US and accelerate progress towards our 2030 target.
Climate Planet
Catalysing 
the net zero 
transition
Planet: Protecting the climate 
2030 target 2021/22 2022/23 % change 
against 
prior year
Our goal: Drive lower global greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
50 million tonnes of GHG 
emissions avoided per year using 
technologies enabled by JM’s products 
and solutions, compared to 
conventional offerings
0.49 million 
tonnes CO2e
0.85 million 
tonnes CO2e
+74%
Our goal: Achieve net zero by 2040
42% Reduction in Scope 1  
and Scope 2 GHG emissions
410,110 
tonnes CO2e1
363,686 
tonnes CO2e
-11%
42% Reduction in Scope 3 GHG 
emissions from purchased goods and 
services
2,978,197 
tonnes CO2e1
2,495,475 
tonnes CO2e
-16%
Our company purpose  
is to catalyse the net zero 
transition because we believe 
this represents the biggest 
benefit we can bring to 
society. This mainly comes 
through sales of our products 
and services, which when 
used by our customers, will 
bring about millions of tonnes 
of GHG avoided. We are also committed to net zero by 
2040 for our operations. 
  You can read more about how climate change is bringing opportunity and risks to our business 
in our TCFD report on pages 45-52 50 million tonnes of GHG emissions avoided3 per year by our 
customers using our products by 2030
Energy
Sustainable fuels for 
aviation and marine use
Low-carbon (blue) 
hydrogen technology
Renewable (green) 
hydrogen technology 
(electrolysers)
Fuel cell components for 
distributed power 
generation
Automotive
Fuel cell components 
for hydrogen powered 
vehicles
Chemicals
Solutions to decarbonise 
chemical products, like 
ammonia, methanol or 
formaldehyde
Solutions to decarbonise 
chemical and industrial 
processes
1. Rebaselined to remove divested businesses, please see page 222 for more information
2. https://www.gov.uk/government/statistics/provisional-uk-greenhouse-gas-emissions-national-statistics-2021
3. Using technologies enabled by our products and solutions: avoided emissions compared to conventional technologies in 2020
SASB Resource efficiency indicator: We have also identified our revenues that align with the SASB 
Chemicals Sustainability Accounting Standard’s definition of products that, when used, improve 
energy efficiency, eliminate or reduce GHG emissions, reduce raw materials consumption, lower 
water consumption and / or increase product life. In 2022/23, those sales were £1.01 billion (with 
sales excl. precious metals as £4.2bn) compared with £812 million in 2021/22.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 25
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
Our goal: Achieve net zero by 2040
We have updated our net zero roadmap for Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions in line with our more ambitious 2030 target, putting it firmly on the 1.5°C pathway to net zero. We have also submitted 
our 2040 goal as our long-term net zero target for approval by Science-based targets Initiative (SBTi) under their Net Zero Standard. During the year, each of our businesses has developed a 
detailed roadmap for improving energy efficiency, switching to lower-carbon forms of energy and reducing the emissions our chemical processes generate. These roadmaps are used for making 
business investment decisions and monitoring progress to our targets. 
Principles for net zero
Baseline Target:  
60% renewable electricity
Target:  
-42% GHGs
Target:  
-100% GHGs
2020 2030 20402025
Grow manufacturing footprint for Hydrogen Technologies and other new businesses in line with our net zero commitmentNet zero growth 0%
Underpinning work Delivery
Net zero roadmap for Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions
Planet: Protecting the climate continued
% reductions indicative only against a 2020 baseline
Natural gas 
replacement
Assess equipment-level gas usage 
and suitability for conversion to 
sustainable fuel sources
Develop natural gas replacement roadmap
• Overlay green energy developments and 
asset replacement / upgrade plans
Phase out use of other fossil fuels in India and CA test facilities
Natural gas replacement projects 
• Capex – electrification of lower-grade heat ovens at high-usage sites
• Conversion to biomethane / hydrogen or add carbon capture technology
-10%
-20%
Abate process 
GHG emissions
Carbon capture and storage (CCS) ‘discovery’ work
• CO2 emissions data profiling on key sites
• Partner to establish appropriate CCS solutions at strategic locations
• Investigate opportunities to switch to alternative process chemistry
CO2 process emissions 
• Eliminate through process chemistry change or capture
N2O abatement  
technical studies
N2O process emissions  
abatement projects -5%
-10%
Renewable 
electricity
Switch to renewable electricity  
in the US, Europe, India  
and China
Renewable electricity sourcing 
in remaining locations
Switch to low-carbon fuel or switch off  
gas-fired combined heat and power plant (CHP) generators
Renewable electricity sourcing in remaining locations
-20% -5%
-5%
Energy 
efficiency
Pilot SMART metering at key sites ISO 50001 accreditation  
at top energy-using sites 
Energy efficiency improvements through continuous improvement  
and equipment upgrades 
Footprint rationalisation to scale down old and less efficient assets
Energy efficiency improvements continued 
• Continuous improvement optimisation and equipment upgrades 
-7%
-10%
-8%
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202326
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
Our progress in 2022/23 
This year we saw a 11.3% fall in our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions from last year, as well as a 
8.1% drop in our total Scope 1 and 2 carbon intensity as we began to deliver on our roadmap 
to net zero by 2040. We have principally achieved this through energy efficiency and 
renewable electricity procurement, although we did also have an overall drop in production 
output due to COVID-related disruptions to the automotive industry in China.
Overall our GHG emissions from Scope 3 purchased goods and services decreased by 16% 
in 2022/23 compared to the previous year, and we reached our previous target for 2030 
seven years early. This was achieved through a combination of reduced procurement of 
primary PGM and through the decarbonisation efforts of our supply chain partners in the 
PGM mining sector.
Non-renewable, grid-supplied electricity  
Certified renewable electricity from the grid  
Renewable electricity generated locally  
Natural gas used on site  
Other fossil fuels used on site  
Non-renewable steam procured  
Fuel used on public roads by JM vehicles 
on company business  
21.8%
16.2% 
0.6%
52.2%
5.8% 
3.0% 
0.4%
Energy mix
Total: 1,185,612 MWh
Planet: Protecting the climate continued
Energy efficiency and security
To ensure we drive energy efficiency in our operations, and underpin our net zero strategy, 
this year we worked with a third-party provider to create an energy management framework for 
the whole business in line with ISO 50001. Training relating to this was provided through global 
sessions along with focused training to our most energy-intensive sites. Four sites already have 
ISO 50001 and we have completed our gap analysis for another 16 of our largest sites. 
Implementation of recommendations has already started, and will continue in the year ahead. 
For example, at our largest energy-using site, through process and control improvements on 
two of their larger assets, we were able to demonstrate savings of approximately 2% of the site’s 
total fuel consumption. At our UK refinery, we are carrying out feasibility and heat studies to 
look at how they can recover more energy. Three of our largest manufacturing sites also make 
electricity using combined heat and power plants (CHPs) to optimise our energy efficiency. 
Although these run off natural gas, our CHPs generated 26,974 MWh (5.6% of our total) 
electricity this year minimising our energy demand.
We established a Winter Energy Taskforce to focus and co-ordinate our efforts to mitigate 
the risk to our operation from headwinds in the energy markets created by the Ukraine war. 
We minimised energy cost rises to 82%. We continue to focus on measures to improve our 
resilience at key locations, including beginning negotiations on direct supply of electricity 
through power purchase agreements (PPA). 
Renewable energy
This year 41% of our electricity consumption came from certified renewable sources, compared 
to 32% in 2021/22. We remain on track to achieve our target of purchasing 60% of our 
electricity from certified renewable sources by 2025.
Over the past year we assessed additional renewable energy procurement opportunities and the 
inherent risks, challenges, gaps or legal changes that may occur along our journey to net zero. 
Currently we are using green tariffs to ensure renewable electricity consumption in Europe and 
the US, and going forward we will focus on Power and Renewable Gas Purchase Agreements 
in these regions and others where this procurement scheme is available. 
In regions like India and China we will continue to purchase recognised Energy Attribute 
Certificates in the short term. We have also deployed some on-site generation as part of the 
current energy portfolio in sites in India.
Scope 1
Scope 2
Scope 3 – Purchased goods and services
Scope 3 – All other categories
7.1%
3.9% 
75.4%
13.6%
Total greenhouse gas emissions
Total: 3.3million tonnes CO2e
  For more information on our calculation methodology 
please see our Basis of reporting on pages 222-227
Increasing our energy efficiency with no additional investment
We are always exploring ways to improve our energy efficiency. Our Clean Air site in Poland 
demonstrates the kind of positive results that can be achieved through innovative thinking 
and process optimisation. Through adding new logic controls to our existing systems, we 
have enabled waste heat recirculation from downstream zones of the ovens to upstream 
zones. We expect this improvement to reduce annual fuel usage on our site by about 10% 
without the need for any additional capital investment. We are replicating this low-cost 
improvement across other Clean Air sites globally, with similar savings expected.  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 27
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) footprint and energy efficiency
2022/23 2021/221
Global UK only Global (excl UK) Global UK only Global (excl UK) % change (global)
Total Scope 1 GHG emissions (tonnes CO2e) 233,300 100,461 132,839 239,862 103,534 136,328 -2.7%
Total Scope 2 GHG emissions (market-based) (tonnes CO2e) 130,386 1,024 129,362 170,248 1,265 168,983 -23.4%
Total Scope 2 GHG emissions (location-based) (tonnes CO2e) 204,848 21,696 183,152 225,712 24,942 200,770 -9.2%
Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions (market-based) (tonnes CO2e) 363,686 101,485 262,201 410,110 104,799 305,311 -11.3%
Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions (location-based) (tonnes CO2e) 438,148 122,157 315,991 465,574 128,475 337,099 -5.9%
Total Scope 1 and 2 carbon intensity (market-based) (tonnes CO2e/tonne sales) 3.4 22.3 2.5 3.7 19.9 2.9 -8.1%
2022/23 2021/221
Global UK only Global (excl UK) Global UK only Global (excl UK) % change (global)
Total energy consumption (MWh)2 1,185,612 337,488 848,124 1,241,806 373,347 868,458 -4.5%
Total energy efficiency (MWh/tonne)3 11.0 74.2 8.2 11.3 70.7 8.3 -3.0%
Scope 3 GHG emissions by category
(tonnes CO2e) 
Category Category number 2022/23 2021/221 2020/211 2019/201
Purchased goods and services 1 2,495,475 2,978,197 2,812,518 3,433,660
Capital goods 2 177,329 163,641 242,456 367,141
Fuel and energy-related activities 3 41,018 43,505 36,695 38,199
Upstream transportation and distribution 4 81,999 158,625 94,348 97,424
Waste generated in operations 5 4,004 5,220 4,549 3,439
Business travel 6 5,077 1,336 67 9,202
Employee commuting 7 13,627 13,517 25,763 25,763
Upstream leased assets 8 523 698 602 5,094
Use of sold products 11 0 0 0 0
Investments 15 125,196 118,356 119,005 129,337
Total 2,944,248 3,483,095 3,336,003 4,109,259
Four-year performance table 2022/23 2021/221 2020/211 2019/201
Total energy consumption (MWh)2 1,185,612 1,241,806 1,168,338 1,202,121
Total energy efficiency (MWh/tonne)3 11.0 11.3 11.0 10.6
Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions (market-based) (tonnes CO2e) 363,686 410,110 409,584 417,818
Total Scope 1 and 2 carbon intensity (market based) (tonnes CO2e/tonne sales) 3.4 3.7 3.9 3.7
Total Scope 3 GHG emissions (tonnes CO2e) 2,944,248 3,483,095 3,336,003 4,109,259
1. Rebaselined to remove divested businesses, please see page 222 for more information
2. Energy consumption is reported here in MWh, which is equal to 1,000kWh. Total global energy consumption for 2022/23 is 1,185,612,237kWh
3. This is the total energy used by the business divided by amount of materials sold to customers
 For more information on our calculation methodology please see our Basis of reporting on pages 222-227
Planet: Protecting the climate continued
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202328
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
Johnson Matthey is 
committed to minimising our 
environmental footprint and 
conserving scarce mineral 
resources through our 
manufacturing choices. 
In advance of COP15, in Dec 
2022 we signed the ”Business 
Pledge for Nature” and the 
Terra Carta Charter, which 
guides organisations in how to put nature, people and 
planet at the heart of value creation.
Planet: Protecting nature and advancing the circular economy 
2030 target 2021/22 2022/23 % change 
against prior 
year
Our goal: Conserve scarce resources
75% of recycled PGMs content in 
JM’s manufactured products
70%1 69% -1%
Our goal: Minimise our environmental footprint
50% Reduction in total 
hazardous waste2
47,791 
tonnes3
41,860  
tonnes
-12%
25% Reduction in net water usage4 1,833 ML3 1,752 ML -4%
Nature and circularity
Planet
Catalysing 
the net zero 
transition
Our goal: Conserve scarce resources
We helped create one of the world’s first circular economies – and our increasing use 
of secondary, or recycled, PGMs is helping to significantly reduce the emissions and 
environmental impact associated with mining these vital materials. Please see page 226 
for a definition of secondary PGMs.
We can also apply our longstanding recycling expertise to emerging technologies that utilise 
PGMs, like fuel cells and electrolyser stacks. We are upgrading our infrastructure to allow us to 
recover and refine the PGMs used in these technologies to a very high purity in the same way 
we do today with production scrap. This will allow us to create an endless loop of PGMs availability.
Our performance in 2022/23
Our ability to meet our target of 75% of our products using secondary PGMs depends on 
working with our customers and market research team to understand both supply and 
demand as well as the total volume of secondary PGMs available through our refining circuits 
and the broader PGMs market. Our focus is on closing the PGMs loop to meet our customers’ 
evolving sustainability demands. But we acknowledge that primary, or new, supply is still 
critical to maintain market balances and will play an important role in the transition to net 
zero. Customer demand will help to drive this balance. We are perfecting our secondary 
offering to customers and working with both internal and external subject matter experts 
to certify our methodology.  
Our performance in this area this year was impacted by the economic headwinds faced 
by the global economy, more specifically in the auto market supply chain. Secondary scrap 
availability and a large share of the PGMs products that are manufactured depend on the 
health of the global automotive market. 2022 presented many challenges to both sides 
of the secondary metal equation, as global auto sales struggled to maintain post-pandemic 
momentum. This eventually led to a downturn in automotive scrap being sent back through 
PGMs recycling channels, but also impacted demand for fresh PGMs products. Despite these 
challenges, we have been able to manage our metal intake portfolio to remain on track 
to meet our 2030 target.
1. Resta ted due to calculation refinement, please see page 222 for more information
2.
 Total ha
zardous waste produced and sent off site for treatment by a third party
3.
 Reba
selined to remove divested businesses, please see page 222 for more information 
4.
 Net freshwater consumption
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 29
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
Our goal: Minimising our environmental footprint
Our operations span the globe – with 45 major manufacturing sites in over 30 countries 
supporting our customers in a huge number of ways. We are committed to protecting  
the ecosystems around our plants and minimising all our potentially harmful interactions. 
The Societal Value Committee is responsible for our overall approach to environmental 
performance.
Our global environmental, health and safety (EHS) policies, processes and management 
system help us maintain a high level of environmental performance. All our sites are  
assessed against these standards by our centralised EHS audit team at least once every  
three years. 89% of our manufacturing sites use environmental management systems  
that are certified as meeting ISO 14001 standard, as of 31st March 2023.
We measure progress against our environmental KPIs monthly and use the data to improve 
performance.
Minimising waste: reduce, reuse, recycle 
We are committed to minimising waste generation and recycling as much as possible.  
Our operations create waste, which is always treated in line with local regulations.  
But beyond that we are committed to disposing of it responsibly. We work with specialist 
treatment companies to ensure this waste is managed safely. 
We are always looking for ways to improve. For example this year:
• At our UK refinery, improvements in process operations allowed flue dusts to be reworked 
into furnaces which eliminated a waste stream. There were general reductions in waste 
from improving production processes so that less off-specification material was produced. 
• At our Smithfield site in the US we upgraded our NOx abatement system. This reduced 
our emissions and hazardous waste on site and helped us towards our 2030 target.
• Working with our third-party waste provider in the UK, we also increased the proportion 
of waste streams being recycled by 5%.
We continue to recycle the majority of our production waste containing PGMs in our 
own refineries.       
Our most significant progress towards our 2030 target on hazardous waste reduction  
comes this year with the ongoing investment in our new Third Century PGM refinery 
in Royston. This is due to be operational later in the decade.
 
        
Using water responsibly
Climate change and population growth are bringing ever greater stress to availability 
of freshwater supplies globally. 2022 saw us launch our first global water policy to help 
sites adopt effective water management plans, improve measurement and reduce water 
consumption, driving us towards our 2030 water target.
To understand where we need to act most quickly for most benefit, we used the World 
Resource Institute’s (WRI) Water Risk Atlas tool to analyse usage at our sites. The tool 
identified 12 manufacturing facilities, which are located in regions with a high or extremely 
high baseline water stress level. This means that they are at higher risk of declining water 
availability or increased cost in the future due to drought or groundwater table decline. 
The 12 manufacturing facilities accounted for 399,174m3 (23%) of our net fresh water 
consumption in 2022/23. 
We discharged 1.36 million m3 wastewater during the year, 96% to municipal treatment 
plants and the remainder back to its original freshwater source after treatment. We treated 
1.05 million m3 of waste water on-site, of which we recycled 23% back into our 
manufacturing processes instead of discharging.
We seek to minimise the chemical burden in our wastewater discharged. 1.36 million m3  
was discharged from our sites with an average chemical oxygen demand (COD) of 242 mg/L.
Reducing emissions to air 
Some of our operations produce other air emissions as by-products of chemical reactions, 
including nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulphur oxides (SOx) and volatile organic compounds 
(VOCs). All our permitted sites monitor these emissions to ensure they comply with 
local regulations.
This year we saw a decrease in our year-on-year NOx emissions, despite increasing our 
coverage of reporting. We fitted an enhanced NOx abatement at our Smithfield site, US to 
help reduce them even further in future. We also continued to improve our methodologies 
around measuring and reporting the emissions we produce globally in a standardised way. 
We have reviewed the new UK BAT waste gas for chemicals (UKWGC) and are making 
preparations to ensure we will be in compliance with the stricter emissions to air limits ahead 
of the significant change in emissions legislation in the UK in 2027.
We don’t produce ozone-depleting substances (ODS) through our operations, however, 
any small leaks of refrigerant gases are reported in our Scope 1 GHG emissions.
Planet: Protecting nature and advancing the circular economy continued 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202330
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
Water consumption
2022/23 2021/221 2020/211 2019/201
Net freshwater consumption (000’s m3) 1,752 1,833 1,711 1,849
Total wastewater discharged (000’s m3) 1,356 1,400 1,506 1,394
Average direct Chemical Oxygen 
Demand of wastewater (COD)(mg/L) 242 220 112 104
Types of waste produced and sent off site for treatment by a third party
Type of waste (tonnes) 2022/23 2021/221 2020/211 2019/201
Liquid hazardous waste 38,520 45,151 41,025 40,017
Solid hazardous waste 3,340 2,640 2,622 2,469
Liquid non-hazardous waste 7,059 8,560 7,013 7,815
Solid non-hazardous waste 13,967 15,290 11,538 13,630
Total hazardous waste sent off site  
for treatment 41,860 47,791 43,647 42,486
Total waste sent off site 62,885 71,641 62,198 63,931
Methods of waste treatment applied by our third party providers
Type of treatment (tonnes) 2022/23 2021/221 2020/211 2019/201
Off site reuse 1,057 1,020 1,031 720
Off site recycling 36,873 38,277 23,390 19,452
Off site incineration with energy recovery 1,075 2,041 1,023 1,698
Incineration or other off site treatment 19,533 26,161 33,579 38,976
Total waste disposed off site to landfill 4,347 4,142 3,175 3,086
Total waste sent off site 62,885 71,641 62,198 63,931
Emissions to air
Type of emissions (tonnes) 2022/23 2021/221 2020/211 2019/201
Nitrogen oxides (NOx) emissions to air 336 358 338 320
Sulphur oxides (SOx) emissions to air 31 73 42 16
Volatile organic chemicals (VOCs) 
emissions to air 42 50 39 47
Coverage for NOx reporting 86% 85% 85% 82%
Coverage for SOx reporting 36% 34% 36% 32%
Coverage for VOCs reporting 57% 56% 54% 53%
Using algae to clean up plant wastewater  
at our Taloja site
Our catalyst manufacturing site in 
Taloja, India, is using the power of algae 
to clean up the waste water created 
as a by-product of our processes. 
The impact of this innovative approach 
could have wide-reaching effects 
on the chemicals industry. 
The wastewater created by the plant is 
fed into six algae ponds. Using the sun’s 
energy, the microalgae convert the 
waste discharge into oxygen and 
renewable biomass. This biomass can 
then be used for fuel and fertilisers, 
and the richly oxygenated water is a 
boost for local aquatic life.
The project has been a huge success. 
We no longer need to outsource 
our wastewater treatment – saving us 
hundreds of thousands of pounds so far. 
The process offers uninterrupted 
performance, with no freshwater 
consumption, and the end results help 
support the local environment. That’s 
why the project was awarded an internal 
Johnson Matthey award in 2022.
Planet: Protecting nature and advancing the circular economy continued 
1. Rebaselined to remove divested businesses, please see page 222 for more information 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 31
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
Management of hazardous chemicals
The nature of the complex chemistry in our products and manufacturing means that we 
sometimes have to use chemicals that are potentially hazardous to the environment. 
Product stewardship is a crucial part of our approach to minimising our environmental impact.  
By delivering product insight and assured regulatory compliance, we can better manage 
the sustainability of our portfolio.
Our efforts to improve our environmental and human health performance are recognised 
through our rating 3rd out of 54 chemical companies in the 2022 Chemscore report. They 
also get us a seat at the table with policy makers, regulators and industry bodies. This global 
engagement is allowing us to share our expertise around catalysis, product stewardship, 
PGM supply and sustainable technologies and contribute to the important discussion about 
what net zero looks like in practice. It also helps us maintain high standards and adapt 
to continually evolving regulation in our markets. In the UK we are working with the 
government, directly and through the Chemicals Industry Association (CIA), on potential 
revisions to the UK’s Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals 
(UK REACH) regulation. We also work with a range of EU industry consortia such as 
European Chemical Industry Council (Cefic), Eurometaux and European Precious Metals 
Federation (EPMF). 
Product life cycle analysis
Product life cycle analysis (LCA) is an 
important way in which we can 
demonstrate how the environmental 
benefits of our products outweigh the 
impact of making them in the first place.
We are committed to making cradle-to-
gate LCAs of our products available to 
our customers on request. 
We also contribute to the International 
Platinum Group Metals Association 
(IPA)'s publicly available industry 
standard LCA for the five platinum group 
metals – Pt, Pd, Rh, Ir and Ru – which is 
updated annually to ISO 14001 
standards.
  Visit the IPA website for more 
information: ipa-news.de
Planet: Protecting nature and advancing the circular economy continued 
Finding safer alternatives and reducing risk 
Our product stewardship reporting programme helps us track product performance every 
year. This year, we found no reports of significant health effects from the use of our products, 
and we continue to comply with all health and safety, labelling and marketing regulations, 
and voluntary codes. We engage with customers to promote understanding of the hazards of 
our products, and our New Product Introduction (NPI) framework requires teams to consider 
ways to reduce hazardous raw material use. 
Alongside the broader transformation of Johnson Matthey, we are also upgrading our 
processes around product stewardship. We have initiated work to roll out a company-wide 
inventory and information management platform. This will allow us to better track chemicals 
through our manufacturing processes and understand the impacts of changing regulation or 
new hazard information faster, which would allow us to identify safer and / or more 
sustainable material choices.
Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS)
Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) are a very broad group of 9,000+ chemicals, 
including fluoropolymers, that are widely used in industrial and consumer applications due 
to their unique thermal and chemical stability. They are under significant scientific and 
regulatory scrutiny because some PFAS are persistent and mobile in the environment and are 
associated with certain potential adverse health effects. Chemical manufacturing processes, 
including some in JM, often rely on parts, such as process piping and seals that contain these 
fluoropolymers. Some fluoropolymers are also, currently, essential to the proper functioning 
of certain electrolysers and fuel cells technologies. In JM, we are aware of the increasing levels 
of concern over potential risks posed by a subset of PFAS and are committed to reducing our 
uses, developing alternatives, fully understanding and limiting impacts on human health and 
the environment from PFAS in our operations and products. We are also working directly with 
suppliers, customers, peers, business associations, NGOs and regulators to ensure responsible 
use and proportionate regulations of PFAS.
Working with genetically engineered microorganisms
Genetically engineered microorganisms in our biocatalysts (enzymes) represent just 0.01% of 
our sales. None of our products contain live organisms at the point of supply to our customers. 
Biocatalysts are important chemical intermediates in our manufacturing because they can 
help us make more of a desired chemical product with fewer undesirable by-products.
Waste 
treatment 
Supplier 
operations 
Raw materials and extraction
J M 
operations
Customer
Wholesale
Consumer
End of life / 
recycling 
Upstream
Downstream
Recycling / circularity
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202332
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
People: Promoting a safe, diverse and equitable society 
Our goal: Keep people safe
Our ability to catalyse the net zero transition depends on the safe operation of our manufacturing 
sites. The processes and policies we put in place are one part of our approach, but we are also 
improving our insight and the tools we provide our people so that they can contribute to our safety 
culture every day. We have complex chemical processes that often involve heavy machinery and 
hazardous chemicals. As part of our focus on simplification, we continued embedding the new digital 
tools we introduced in 2021/22. These are streamlining existing processes and enabling a more 
data-led approach. To reduce our ergonomic injuries we are using a video tool to highlight 
ergonomic stress points while carrying out activities and then taking necessary actions to reduce 
these stress points. Rather than wait for an incident to occur, we are able to proactively spot potential 
issues and take preventative action. A new central industrial hygiene reporting database is due to go 
live in the first half of 2023/24.
The Take 5 programme was launched in 2021/22 to help make sure everyone acts in a responsible 
and safe way at all times. It reminds people to take some time before starting a new activity to make 
sure they are working in a safe and secure environment. This simple action helps reduce incidents 
and drive continued improvements in our processes. This year saw the further embedding of this 
programme. During Q4, we tend to see an increase in the number of incidents across all sites. To 
help address this we created a toolkit with a range of discussion guides and materials for safety 
briefings and safety moments focused on ‘Make Time to TAKE 5’, so that everyone can discuss what 
we can do to mitigate risks. This resulted in over a 50% reduction in recordable incidences compared 
to final quarter 2021/22. We further improved our safety performance through engagement and 
safety leadership by launching our first global safety day and additional regional EHS conferences 
with the main topic being safety leadership – further details below.
Our strategy focuses on  
the core strengths that allow 
us to play to win in the 
markets we operate in. We 
rely on our 12,600+ talented 
and passionate employees to 
drive our purpose. Ensuring 
that they are fulfilled in their 
careers, work safely and 
return home well to their 
families each day is our 
number one priority.
2030 target 2021/22 2022/23 % change against 
prior year
Our goal: Keep people safe
<0.25 Total recordable injury and 
illness rate (TRIIR) for employees and 
contractors
0.59 0.47 -20%
0.4 ICCA process safety event severity 
rate (PSESR)
1.321 1.02 -23%
Our goal: Create a diverse, inclusive and engaged company
>8 Employee engagement score Not 
measured
6.9 —
>40% Female representation across 
all management levels
27% 28% +1%
Our goal: Uphold human rights
% supplier spend assessed for human 
rights risk and remedial plans in 
place where high risks identified 
- 22% -
Our goal: Invest in our local communities
Increase volunteering leave (days) 1,322 2,063 +56%
1. Restated value based on improved reporting of historical process safety events.
0.47
0.59
0.55
0.79
0.97
2022/23
2021/22
2020/21
2019/20
2018/19
TRIIR
(Employees and
contractors)
People
Catalysing 
the net zero 
transition
Safety and diversity
Our occupational health and  
safety performance
Lost time injury and illness rate (LTIIR) reduced from 0.30 last 
year to 0.24. We saw a 20% improvement in our all personnel 
(employees and contractors) TRIIR from the previous year. 
This is a demonstration of the effectiveness of our Take 5 
programme and the impact of having our first Global Safety 
Day, as well as additional local campaigns at site level which 
have focused on site-specific safety issues. We have had 
no fatalities since 2015.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 33
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
Global Safety Day
As part of the new strategy introduced 
by our CEO in last year’s report, just like 
the rest of our business, 2022/23 saw all 
our line managers and our EHS team 
examine our approach to ensuring the 
safety of our people. 
Our first annual Global Safety Day was a 
huge success – helping to bring our 
organisational transformation to life by 
providing site managers with resources 
and insights into overcoming common 
barriers to workplace safety. Dedicating 
a specific day to safety across the whole 
organisation helped focus everyone’s 
minds on the importance of safety in 
everything we do and create an 
opportunity to celebrate our 
performance and efforts taken in 
support of safety.
The event was attended by all 
employees, who took part in activities 
and talks around the central theme of 
how to have effective safety 
conversations. The global event was 
bolstered by two regional EHS 
conferences which were attended by site 
managers and other key functional 
people with the main theme around 
safety leadership.
Stronger audits. Stronger oversight 
This year saw a return to full on-site auditing as COVID-related restrictions relaxed globally.  
A total of 17 corporate audits were undertaken during 2022/23. These included four  
Process Safety-specific audits. All of our high hazard facilities have now been subject to 
a formal corporate environmental, health and safety (EHS) audit within the last three years 
and a process safety audit within the last five years.
An independent review and audit of the JM Process Safety Management System, sponsored 
by the JM Board, has been timetabled for 2023/24 in order to assess the prioritisation  
of programme implementation and major risk management. The review comprises a review  
of the corporate process safety systems against industry best practices plus more focused 
engagements at selected JM sites to audit implementation and progress on recommendations 
to address the major process safety risks. 
People: Promoting a safe, diverse and equitable society continued
Our process safety performance 
Our International Council of Chemicals Association (ICCA) process safety event severity rate 
(PSESR) has decreased by 23% from 1.321 last year to 1.02 PSESR per 200,000 hours worked. 
There were nine Tier 1 process safety events this year, compared to 11 the previous year. See 
Basis of reporting on page 227 for a definition of a Tier 1 process safety event. 
We continue to embed process safety training across JM. In the last 3 years safety training has 
been completed by over 2,870 operations-based staff, which is c. 90% of employees who 
have been identified as needing process safety training. We have also completed individual 
process safety competency assessments for 305 managers and engineers in process safety-
critical roles at facilities rated as ‘high hazard’. All roles that have been identified in this 
category, for our high hazard sites, have now been trained.
Despite these improvements, a significant explosion occurred at one of our US sites 
in July 2022. Thankfully the incident resulted in no injuries, but we did receive a citation 
from the regulator and the site’s performance remains impacted. Our investigation and 
root cause analysis highlighted several areas that could be improved – and we continue 
to implement those changes.
1. Restated value based on improved reporting of historical process safety events.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202334
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
Our goal: Create a diverse, inclusive and engaged company
As a global company, it is essential that our organisation is reflective of the communities 
we live and work in as well as a place where people are safe, thriving and building rewarding, 
long-term careers. Ensuring we have a high-performance culture is critical to the execution 
of our new strategy. We are creating a more market-focused, agile and less bureaucratic 
Johnson Matthey – one where our people can be truly customer focused and thrive in their 
roles. Like our peers, as well as businesses across the global economy, the labour market 
we operate within remained competitive in 2022/23. This makes attracting the best talent 
as well as supporting, engaging and developing the people we have hugely important.
Building an engaged, high-performance culture
Immediately after the launch of our refreshed strategy this year, we initiated town halls and 
team sessions at all levels in the organisation with the purpose of fully communicating the 
overall strategy and our three core play to win behaviours:
People: Promoting a safe, diverse and equitable society continued
Take accountability Keep it simple Drive results
To accentuate these behaviours we initiated a leader-led culture change programme focused 
on upskilling people managers and leaders in key areas such as giving feedback to drive 
performance, and we started work on a new approach to performance management that 
focuses on the outcomes and results we want to achieve. 
An engaged, passionate workforce is the fuel for our transformation. It underpins our whole 
play to win philosophy and drives us forward in our purpose of catalysing the net zero transition, 
becoming more customer-focused and unlocking the full value of our operations. We recognise 
that an important vehicle to driving engagement is all people managers having the ability to 
regularly track status, progression and provide input for areas of focus relevant to their teams. 
To this end, we have adopted ‘WorkDay Peakon’, a globally recognised tool for our regular 
employee engagement surveys. Further we have decided to increase the frequency of the full 
survey to annual, and to conduct regular pulse surveys to keep on top of any issues. 
Our first full Workday Peakon survey was conducted in March 2023 and we achieved a score 
of 6.9. The methodology used by Workday Peakon is not directly comparable with the tool we 
used previously and thus we have not compared the results with past engagement surveys at JM. 
However, we do recognise that 6.9 places us below the industry average of Workday Peakon 
users. Whilst this is not where we want to be, this is not surprising given the pace and depth 
of transformation we are currently undergoing. We have set ourselves targets of 7.2 by end of 
2024/25 and a score of greater than 8 by 2030, to move us into an industry leadership position.
We also recognise that engagement is primarily built in the day-to-day interactions with 
colleagues, which is why many engagement initiatives have also been run locally at sites and 
in offices. The initiatives take many shapes and forms and adapt to the local opportunities. 
To accelerate our work on building engagement in the coming year, we will be increasing 
our training and support to help managers build engagement across their teams, as well 
as continuing to examine our employee proposition and culture and making improvements.
A step change in leadership skills and critical capabilities
Winning requires us to build critical capabilities, ensure we retain experienced colleagues in JM 
today and provide them with opportunities to develop and progress. We have looked to build 
the leadership capabilities of the organisation this year. We put in place processes to build 
a more robust and diverse leadership pipeline.
A big success this year were the leadership masterclasses in which 135 of our senior leaders 
participated. These brought our new strategy to life and drove our culture transformation 
forward. The workshops focused on the behavioural change that underpins transformation 
– storytelling, coaching for performance, accountability and setting objectives. Another 1,663 
employees participated in one or more of our general business skill courses.
We have 53 graduates in our two-year graduate programmes, who we continue to develop to 
become the leaders of the future as they complete eight-month rotations around the company. 
We have also focused on building our commercial muscle, through the creation of the Group 
Commercial Council, which aims to make the voice of the customer front and centre across JM. 
With the deployment of our play to win strategy, our whole leadership population will be 
receiving commercial training in the coming year. 
In order to win, we must operate efficiently and make the most of our investments for the 
future. We know from feedback through our benchmarking that our current organisation needs 
to change to deliver our new strategy. During the year we worked to transform the operating 
models for our enabling functions, putting in place new organisations for engineering and 
capital projects. More work is being progressed to sharpen further and reduce costs more 
quickly in 2023/24.
Building engagement takes time. Activities we initiated this year to start this journey include: 
• We re-clarified our expectations of people managers and their role in engaging and 
developing their people. We have developed a programme of work to educate and train all 
our managers and equip them to motivate and develop their people
• We have reviewed our approach to major elements of our reward and incentives programmes 
to drive and recognise high-performance outcomes and are implementing the changes for 
2023/24
• We introduced Workday as a global platform for our people data, giving managers valuable 
insight into how we can increase retention and streamline processes around activities such as 
succession planning
• We rolled out our digital platform Say Thanks to the whole of JM where colleagues can 
express their appreciation of support or contribution from another colleague. In the first six 
months 18,739 recognitions were provided through the portal
• We refreshed our annual JM Awards, a global competition to allow individuals and teams to 
be recognised, to be aligned to our new play to win behaviours. Over 190 nominations were 
received, showcasing many fantastic achievements of our employees globally.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 35
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
At the core of work to promote DI&B is the work of our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs). 
As well as giving our people spaces to connect and share experiences, they directly feed into 
our culture development activities. We now have nine ERGs, following the launch of our 
Hispanic/Latinx Organisation for Leadership and Advancement (HOLA). Throughout the year, 
they organised webinars on topics such as LGBT+ paths to parenting, menopause and 
neurodiversity. Pride in JM and the Black Employee Network continued to lead our reverse 
mentoring efforts this year. These pairings give our leaders the chance to be mentored 
by junior colleagues on their lived experiences in the company.
Disability inclusion
Our work on advancing disability inclusion is informed by the DiversAbility ERG. With Liam 
joining as CEO, we updated and re-signed our commitment to the Valuable 500. We also 
joined the Business Disability Forum, a leading business membership organisation in disability 
inclusion. Our first site accessibility audit was completed, and actions taken to improve the 
accessibility for employees and visitors at our headquarters, and largest manufacturing site, 
in Royston, UK. An accessibility audit has since been completed at Clitheroe, UK, and plans 
are being developed to roll out the audits across our other sites.
Our new DI&B policy commits us to:
• Giving full and fair consideration to applications for employment by disabled persons, 
having regard to particular aptitude and abilities
• Continuing the employment of and arranging appropriate training for employees who have 
become disabled during employment
• Training, career development and promotion of disabled persons.
Promoting ethnic diversity
We have three ERGs that are helping us to advance ethnic minority groups in different 
geographies: Asian Network, Black Employee Network (BEN), Hispanic / Latinx Organisation 
for Leadership and Advancement (HOLA).
To support the development of our Black, Asian and ethnic minority employees, we continued 
to participate in the Black British Business Awards talent acceleration programme in the UK.
In the US, we ran another cycle of the management accelerator programme with McKinsey 
& Company – this time with participants on all three, Black, Hispanic / Latinx, and Asian 
programmes.
The additional focus for next year is on upskilling hiring managers to ensure a fully inclusive 
hiring process.
In 2022, we partnered with the Association for Black Engineers and the Royal Academy 
of Engineering on its annual Graduate Engineering Engagement Programme, which aims to 
improve the transition of engineering graduates from diverse backgrounds into engineering 
employment. Members of our team supported the mentoring programme, skills and 
competency workshops, and networking sessions, reaching over 200 diverse candidates. 
We also partnered with the Royal Society of Chemistry for its Broadening Horizons in the 
Chemical Sciences programme, a new three-year pilot to support chemistry students and 
graduates from Black and minority ethnic backgrounds to pursue careers in chemistry. 
In September 2022, we joined nine other partners in hosting a taster event to showcase the breadth 
of careers in the chemical sciences and are now working on visits to our sites across the UK. 
People: Promoting a safe, diverse and equitable society continued
1. All employees whether they are a people manager or not at a minimum pay grade
Our Global Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging Policy 
Johnson Matthey recruits, trains and develops employees who are best suited to the 
requirements of the job, regardless of gender, ethnic origin, age, religion or belief, 
marriage or civil partnership, pregnancy or maternity, sexual orientation, gender 
identity or disability. 
Balancing gender representation
Our female representation at all management levels1 is 28%, a slight improvement on last 
year, and a step forward towards our target of 40% by 2030, with a milestone of 31% in 2025. 
Embedding diversity data into the application process is driving insights on where to attract 
diverse candidates. 
Alongside our Talent Acquisition (TA) team, our DI&B team has built partnerships with 
organisations like the Society of Women in Engineering to ensure we can source and attract 
the best talent from a range of diverse backgrounds in the market. 
To support our LGBTQ+ colleagues, we published a Transitioning at Work guidance 
document. It is essential that our trans colleagues can be themselves at work and that we 
support them, their manager and HR colleagues.
Advancing diversity, inclusion and belonging
Innovation requires diversity of thought, background and representation as well as a culture 
of inclusion and belonging. Our success depends on people feeling that they can speak up, 
talk about ideas, challenge norms and create more value for our customers. 
This year we replaced our Equal Opportunities Policy with a Global Diversity, Inclusion 
& Belonging (DI&B) Policy.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202336
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
People: Promoting a safe, diverse and equitable society continued
Fair pay 
Ensuring our employees are paid fairly for their work also forms part of our core value to 
protect people and the planet. In the UK, we are an accredited Living Wage Employer and 
we are exploring to what extent we can apply a living wage policy globally. 
We recognise that employees are facing a cost-of-living crisis, and in our most recent pay 
reviews we increased our pay budgets to recognise this. For non-unionised employees our 
global salary budget was split for management and non-management roles with non- 
management roles receiving a higher budget. In addition to their pay increase, employees 
who fell below the average JM wage in a country where price inflation was abnormally high 
were given a temporary supplementary allowance. For example, in the UK the non-
management budget was 4.5% and the management budget was 3.75%. In the UK, this 
equated to £50 per month until 31st March 2023 for employees earning £40,000 or less 
(on a full-time basis). The lowest salary agreement made with our UK unions was a 4.5% 
salary increase and a £600 lump sum, among other local arrangements 
In addition to our employees’ pay, we have provided support through Assist, which provides 
JM employees and dependants with access to a team of highly trained and qualified 
professionals on a variety of financial well-being topics such as debt management, mortgages 
and loans; in addition to broader mental, physical and social well-being topics. Our temporary 
employees received the same benefits as our permanent employees.
Freedom of association 
We respect and promote the rights of people to freedom of association. In 2022/23 a quarter 
of our people globally were covered by collective bargaining agreements and / or represented 
by trade unions.
We work collaboratively with 23 trade unions across our sites, focusing on a range of topics, 
such as health & safety, well-being, business change needs, employee training and improving 
the way we work at our local sites. Cost-of-living was a significant part of our union 
negotiations this year and, for those negotiations that have already concluded, we have 
agreed larger wage increases than normal and an additional special cost of living lump sum. 
We also support engagement at regional and national levels where needed.
2022/23 Union representation % represented
Average number of 
employees 
represented
Total average 
number of 
employees1
UK 21%
Rest of Europe 24% 668 2,734
North America 17% 397 2,271
Asia 27% 660 2,442
Rest of World 52% 545 1,057
Workforce globally 25% 3,163 12,666
We issue a gender pay gap report in accordance with UK law. In 2022/23 our UK gender pay 
gap was 5.6% which puts us ahead of the national average of 14.9%. 
 View our Gender Pay Gap Report: matthey.com/gender-pay-gap
Parental Leave
We recognise the significance to our employees of starting and supporting a growing family. 
Fully encouraging, facilitating and supporting employees to take parental leave is a 
fundamental part of our employee value proposition. To support employees, we maintain 
a Global Parental Leave Standard. This standard provides a global minimum standard of 
16 weeks fully paid leave for new parents (including adoptive parents) who are regarded 
as the primary caregiver.
1. Including Health
2. Within JM our senior managers are defined as direct reports of the GLT. The UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 requires companies to 
disclose the gender balance of senior management, which is defined in the Code as a company's executive committee and the Company 
Secretary, the statistics for this are included in the GLT row above. Some individuals are included in more than one category.
Gender diversity statistics 
(as at 31st March 2023)
% Female Female Male Total
Board 33% 3 6 9
Group leadership team (GLT) 25% 3 9 12
Subsidiary directors 13% 13 86 99
Senior managers2 37% 31 52 83
All management levels 28% 478 1,223 1,701
New recruits 33% 748 1,496 2,244
All employees 30% 3,773 8,865 12,638
Key workforce statistics1
2022/23 2021/22 2020/21
12-month average headcount 12,666 13,497 13,546
Voluntary leavers turnover rate 12.2% 11.6% 8.2% 
Involuntary leavers turnover rate 10.9% 3.8% 7.5%
Total leavers turnover rate 23.1% 15.4% 15.7%
  Please see Sustainability Performance Databook for more information on employee by region, 
age and gender
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 37
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
Our goal: Upholding human rights and high ethical 
standards
We support the principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International 
Labour Organisation (ILO) Core Conventions. We are aligned with key frameworks that define 
human rights principles for businesses, including UN Guiding Principles on Business and 
Human Rights and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) 
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. 
Modern Slavery Statement
We are committed to ensuring no modern slavery exists in our business and to 
identify, mitigate and remediate any issues we find in our value chain. We publish our 
Modern Slavery Statement annually to demonstrate our progress.
 Full statement: matthey.com/modern-slavery
Ensuring high ethical standards 
We are playing to win in the right way – which means holding ourselves to the highest ethical 
standards in everything we do. This year, we focused on supporting a culture which goes 
beyond technical legal compliance to include every employee taking accountability for 
behaving ethically and making good decisions in our everyday work. 
Our ethical culture is led from the top by our Board and GLT. An example of this was our 
annual Ethics Week, where our CEO shared a personal example of how he handled an ethical 
dilemma during his career. It was a powerful demonstration of his commitment to doing 
the right thing, even in challenging circumstances. Where instances of serious misconduct 
are revealed, our Board strongly supports exiting those individuals from our organisation 
– no matter their level of seniority or the short-term disruption it might cause. 
More than 50 sites took part in our annual Ethics Week celebrations. This year the theme 
was collaboration between senior leaders, site managers and Ethics Ambassadors to generate 
People: Promoting a safe, diverse and equitable society continued
We are a signatory to the UN Global Compact  
and remain committed to its principles and aims.  
As part of our membership, this year we took part in 
the UN’s Business & Human Rights Accelerator training 
programme to build upon our internal knowledge.  
We published our first UNGP Annual report to 
“Comprehensive” standard in December 2022
 UNGP Annual Report: matthey.com/UNGP-progress
We have the potential to positively impact billions of lives around the world. The benefits of 
Johnson Matthey should not only be felt by our customers, but by everyone that comes into 
contact with our business.
This year we published our first standalone human rights policy. It highlights a core group 
of rights which we believe we impact the most as an organisation and that we have the 
potential to positively address. It has been reviewed by external specialists to ensure that it 
meets best practice principles and has been signed off by the Board. 
 View our Human Rights Policy: matthey.com/human-rights-policy
Our approach to human rights considers our entire value chain – including our own 
operations, suppliers and customers. We have set ourselves an ambitious commitment to 
assess all of our value chain partners for human rights risks by 2030. To make that happen, 
we developed a tailored human rights risk assessment framework in 2021/22 in partnership 
with KPMG and which we have begun to roll out across our own operations and supply 
chain this year.
For our own operations
This process identified five high-risk countries where we have operating sites. After applying 
our assessment to several sites in these countries, we are in the process of raising concerns 
with local teams and putting remedial actions in place where required.
For our suppliers
We identified 100 key suppliers that accounted for 22% of our annual procurement spend 
(excluding PGMs). These suppliers were assessed using our human rights risk framework and 
those identified as higher risk went through enhanced due diligence using third party 
services. Where required, mitigations and remedial actions have been put in place and 
continued monitoring has been implemented. Key issues identified with higher-risk suppliers 
have been escalated to our human rights steering group, consisting of relevant senior leaders. 
Human rights awareness formed part of our annual Code of Ethics training offered to all eligible 
employees. Additional, targeted awareness and training sessions on human rights and conflict 
minerals were made available to our relevant staff throughout the year. 
Our independent Speak Up helpline is available for anyone wishing to raise a human 
rights concern. 
 See page 42 for more information on our Speak Up culture
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202338
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
Our industry-leading ethical culture heatmap
This year we continued to embed the ethical culture heatmap tool we launched 
in 2021/22. It is enhancing the ways we can feed ethics and compliance data back 
to the business and giving us valuable oversight over our operations.
The heatmap focuses on essential ethical culture indicators. Our leaders can see how 
each of our larger facilities is currently performing and address weaker metrics, 
suggestive of potential ethical culture issues, more proactively.
The heatmap has been recognised by the wider business community. The Institute 
of Business Ethics used it as an example of what good looks like in a recent report 
on ethical culture.
Supporting our suppliers to improve their  
ESG performance 
We have been supporting one of our 
strategic suppliers, who is located in a 
higher risk region, and did not have any 
previous engagement with EcoVadis or 
other sustainability ratings agencies. As 
part of our supplier partnering 
programme, the supplier decided to join 
EcoVadis at their own cost and 
completed the assessment. The outcome 
was a score two points lower than the 
industry average. We are now supporting 
the supplier in the development of their 
policies and processes with an aim to 
significantly increase their score and 
achieve an EcoVadis silver medal. We 
have quarterly reviews with the supplier 
to monitor their progress. This is a 
demonstration of how we can partner 
with suppliers to improve sustainability 
and drive improvements in our wider 
value chain. 
People: Promoting a safe, diverse and equitable society continued
real-life conversations about what doing the right thing means for employees in their roles. 
In addition to Ethics Week, we launched monthly communications to highlight the 
importance of ethics and integrity in our everyday work. 
In line with our strategy we refreshed our annual Code of Ethics training to focus on our 
values, ethical decision making and scenarios that are applicable to all employees. It has been 
offered to 11,100 employees1 and contractors during the year and 87% have completed it. 
We received positive feedback from our employees.  
We also run targeted training courses for our relevant managers and externally facing 
employees in competition law and our anti-bribery and corruption policies.
Responsible sourcing 
We are a multinational company with a global, multi-tiered supply chain. We rely on 
our suppliers to provide raw materials as well as goods and services ranging from equipment 
to utilities and transport. Every year we work with thousands of suppliers and in 2022/23 
we spent £3 billion with them (excl PGMs). We increased the ways we support our 
suppliers globally. 
As a values-driven organisation, we work closely with our value chain to uphold human rights 
and maintain the highest standards in procurement. 
Our Supplier Code of Conduct sets out our expectations, and is embedded into our New 
Supplier Selection Process. All new suppliers complete a self-assessment as part of our 
on-boarding process. Our most important existing suppliers are assessed annually against 
our Supplier Code of Conduct using the services of sustainability rating provider EcoVadis. 
During this year, suppliers accounting for 48% spend (excluding PGMs) in our portfolio have 
been assessed through EcoVadis, and we plan to increase this further in the coming year. 
In addition to that, we started to monitor specific KPIs in EcoVadis that help us to better 
understand our supplier’s performance in human rights and health and safety as well as their 
journey to net zero. To help our suppliers improve their own sustainability performance, 
we have embedded sustainability metrics into our supplier partnership programme.
 Supplier Code of Conduct: matthey.com/supplier-code
EcoVadis KPIs 
% procurement 
spend
2022/23 
% procurement 
spend
2021/22 
Suppliers who have current EcoVadis medal 38% 25%
Suppliers who have a good score with EcoVadis but no 
medal due to adverse media in the past three years 3% 1.5%
Suppliers with current EcoVadis rating below medal-
achieving level 7% 0.2%
Suppliers without an active EcoVadis rating, have declined 
to share their rating or we have not yet requested it  52% 73% 
Areas of concern where risks were identified by low scores in EcoVadis
Number of supplier 
risk identified 
2022/23 
Number of supplier 
risk identified 
2021/22
Environmental 14 6
Labour and Human Rights 14 6
Ethics 13 11
Sustainable Procurement 6 1
Child Labour 0 0
1. All eligible employees are offered the Code of Ethics training, subject to local laws, union agreements, long-term leave arrangements 
and start date before the cutoff period
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 39
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
During the year we have taken big steps regarding supplier diversity. Through our partnership 
with Tealbook and Minority Supplier Development UK (MSDUK), we conducted a baseline 
assessment of our supplier base. We have identified that 3% of our spend with suppliers is 
allocated to diverse / small business, and we identified several opportunities to improve our 
sourcing practices to be more inclusive as well as enhance our internal training and adoption 
of the programme. We look forward to evolving this partnership with Tealbook and MSDUK 
during the coming year.
This year, we also signed an agreement with Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) Supply Chain 
to engage with 500 of our most important suppliers, throughout the next financial year, 
to better understand their carbon footprint and net zero plans.
Conflict minerals and cobalt
We have improved oversight of our conflict minerals and cobalt portfolio of suppliers – in line 
with both our Conflict Minerals & Cobalt Policy and the OECD’s Due Diligence Guidance for 
Responsible Supply Chains or Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas.
Current global regulation defines “conflict minerals” as tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold  
(3TG). This year, we voluntarily updated our existing policy and due diligence process to 
include cobalt as well. We believe this puts us in a good position for future legislation that is 
expected to classify this metal as a conflict mineral in years to come. To support this, we have 
provided refresher training sessions to our employees, who are involved in the collection and 
verification of Conflict Minerals Reporting Templates (CMRTs) and Extended Minerals 
Reporting Templates (EMRTs) of the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI). We are actively 
engaging in conversation through our supplier partnering programmes to understand greater 
detail about the content of 3TGs and cobalt supplied in products to us.
Of the 3TGs, we principally buy tungsten for use in our autocatalyst products, though we 
recognise we may have small amounts of the others in finished goods and refining intakes. 
For calendar year 2022, we identified 79 suppliers providing 3TGs and cobalt going into our 
products. All have provided us with due diligence industry standard reporting templates. Out 
of the responses, seven of these suppliers did not fully meet our policy expectations (two for 
3TG, three for cobalt and two for both 3TG and cobalt). Where non-compliance with our 
policy has been identified, we are working with suppliers to remediate this.
Platinum group metals
Along with our customers, we work with industry associations like the International Platinum Group 
Metals Association (IPA) to ensure we source our PGMs in an ethical way. We are pleased to support 
members’ adoption of the Initiative for Responsible Mining Assurance (IRMA) responsible mining 
standard. We recognise it is a significant undertaking to achieve full IRMA certification for mining 
operations and continue to support our suppliers on this journey.
 More on the IRMA responsible mining standard: matthey.com/IRMA
Our own UK and US refineries are on the London Platinum and Palladium Market’s (LPPM) 
‘Good Delivery’ lists for platinum and palladium and are subject to its Responsible Platinum 
and Palladium Guidance (RPPG). This standard requires us to demonstrate that we have high 
ethical standards and traceability of metal in our supply chains. We are third-party audited, 
by RCS Global, annually to confirm our ongoing compliance. 
 Annual LLP compliance: matthey.com/LPP-compliance
Forestry products
After identifying the presence of palm oil in our supply chain, we moved to ensure we only 
purchase palm oil from sustainable sources, as set out in our Supplier Code of Conduct. We 
are now certified members of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) and expect to 
be audited against the RSPO Supply Chain Certification Standard by an accredited certification 
body in the next financial year.
Doing business in higher-risk jurisdictions 
In 2022, we ceased all new commercial sales activity in Russia and closed our Moscow office. 
During 2022/23, we also put our production facility in Krasnoyarsk in dormant status.
We source a number of raw materials critical to our products from China, including PGMs, 
rare earth metals and zeolites. During the year we conducted due diligence on Tier 1 raw 
material suppliers with a presence in China. No major concerns have been identified. We 
continue the process of reviewing the detailed due diligence and will implement mitigations 
or put remedial actions in place, as required.
People: Promoting a safe, diverse and equitable society continued
Primary PGMs
Secondary PGMs
Rare earth materials
Zeolites
Ceramic substrates
Where we source strategic raw materials
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202340
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
People: Promoting a safe, diverse and equitable society continued
Background
A Speak Up alleged the 
most senior manager 
at one of JM’s sites tried 
to retaliate against an 
employee.
Findings
Upon investigation, a 
series of serious 
misconduct was 
proven, including 
threats of retaliation, 
financial irregularities, 
systemic bullying, and 
labour rights violations.
Outcome
We separated with the 
manager and 
remedial measures 
were put in place 
regarding financial 
controls and 
strengthening the 
ethical culture on site.
Speak Up – Retaliation by a manager
 Find out more about our Speak Up process: matthey.com/speak-up
Our Speak Up culture 
It is essential that our employees, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders feel they can 
speak freely when they have an ethical concern. We have various channels for them to do this 
including our independent Speak Up line. In 2022/23 we received 153 Speak Up reports 
compared to158 in 2021/22. We see this as a positive sign that our people and other 
stakeholders feel comfortable raising concerns and have faith in our process. 
We analyse Speak Up metrics quarterly to identify key themes and significant trends and 
share these with the Ethics Panel and relevant senior leaders. This year members of senior 
management were invited to Ethics Panel meetings to address themes, trends and lessons 
learned in their business to drive further business accountability.
Our Ethics Panel is chaired by our General Counsel and comprised of independent members 
of the GLT and other senior leaders. It meets quarterly, oversees all Speak Ups and takes 
appropriate action where necessary. The Board is updated on key Speak Up trends and the 
most significant cases during Societal Value Committee meetings. See pages 80-89 for more 
information.
Categories of recommendations made in Speak Up cases closed during the year are 
summarised in the table opposite. 
During the financial year, 14 Speak Ups relating to bribery and corruption were reported, 
though in some instances multiple reports were raised about the same alleged conduct. JM 
has a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption, and our Ethics & Compliance team 
thoroughly investigated to determine whether the allegations could be proven or whether 
any recommendations should be made, as it does with all categories of Speak Ups. Even 
where allegations of bribery and corruption are not proven, an assessment was made to 
ensure the risk of bribery and corruption taking place in the future is properly mitigated. 
During the financial year no legal cases regarding bribery and corruption were brought 
against JM or its employees. 
Speak Up reports 2022/23
Concern / allegation  Number of cases
Bribery and corruption 14 
Conflict of interest 6 
Discrimination, harassment, bullying or retaliation 47
Employee rights 56 
Enquiry 5
Environmental protection, product stewardship or health and safety 11
Financial crime 2
Insider trading, financial reporting and other securities violations 1
Theft or misuse of assets 6
Trade and export controls 1
Other 4
Recommendations following investigated reports in 2022/23
Recommendation (please note there could be more than one recommendation per report,  
or in some cases none) Number of cases
Separation with employee 4 
Verbal or written warning 3 
Coaching / training 21 
Communication 34 
Internal review of processes 28
Update / create new standards / controls 16
Senior leadership or management actions 21
Remedy for the reporter 6
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 41
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
Our goal: Investing in our communities
As a company driven by our shared purpose, we have a duty to all our stakeholders, including 
our local communities. Not only do our products and services deliver significant positive 
impact for society and for our customers, but we recognise the important role our people play 
in communities too. 
Refocusing our approach 
Our reinvigorated community investment strategy builds on two core beliefs. Firstly, we 
believe that science will be key in tackling many of the biggest challenges the world is facing. 
That’s why we remain committed to removing the barriers that exist for young people in 
accessing and staying in high-quality science, technology, engineering and mathematics 
(STEM) education. We also know that building a positive legacy in the communities where 
we operate is of the highest importance to our people. So we are introducing a second strand 
to our strategy: sustainable communities, which is all about our contribution to green 
initiatives or other local needs. 
Our volunteering and match funding efforts have had an enormous positive impact over the 
many years we have been offering this support. Our new approach focuses these efforts and 
resources, and aligns them behind our purpose to catalyse the net zero transition. By 2030 
we aim to reach 10,000 young people, typically excluded from science, through quality 
STEM-related interactions and experiences involving our employees. To get there, we’ll be 
focusing on fewer, stronger, multi-year partnerships with community organisations, better 
tracking and reporting on the impact of our activities, and establishing clear roadmaps for 
how we will achieve our objectives.
2,063 
volunteering days (+56%)
Our performance in 2022/23 
A large part of our work this year has been forming our 
new approach – but that doesn’t mean that there haven’t 
been some great achievements too. We have been able to 
react to some of the challenges people across our 
communities faced in 2022/23.
The impacts of the cost-of-living crisis caused by rising inflation and energy costs have been 
felt across the world. As part of our response, we donated to six organisations tackling food 
poverty: The Trussell Trust, Feeding America, Stacja 6 – Fundacja, Fuel Macedonia, UNICEF 
India and Action Aid. We also responded to the Turkish and Syrian earthquake disaster with 
a donation to The Disaster Emergency Committee appeal and matched any employee 
donations to the appeal throughout February 2023.  
Our people continued to offer their time to volunteer and have a direct impact on their local 
communities. This year, we recorded our strongest ever numbers of volunteering, and the 
first year where volunteering activity has exceeded pre-COVID levels. We recorded 2,063 days 
of volunteering overall, up 56% on the previous year, and our #JMVolunteers campaign saw 
over 800 of our people come together for two focused weeks of volunteering efforts in 
December 2022, across 33 sites and 14 countries. 
People: Promoting a safe, diverse and equitable society continued
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202342
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
Providing shelter and support for Ukrainian refugees
Building on our support for Ukraine from 
last year, over 125 Johnson Matthey 
team members in Gliwice, Poland, 
joined the local community to refurbish 
a former school dormitory. The site can 
now house up to 130 Ukrainian refugees 
in a safe, community-focused space.
The team also helped to renovate a 
community centre for displaced children 
and turned an ice rink into a donation 
redistribution centre. We donated 
kitchen equipment and IKEA gave 
furnishings to help the project – but 
arguably the most important 
contribution was the time given by our 
people and other selfless volunteers. 
People: Promoting a safe, diverse and equitable society continued
Community Investment summary1
£’000 2022/23 2021/22 % change
Direct expenditure 594 168 254%
Indirect expenditure 479 283 69%
Total 1,073 451 138%
STEM outreach
Throughout the year we continued our focus on removing the barriers for young people 
accessing quality STEM education. We have now awarded £338,000 through 19 grants as part 
of our flagship Science and Me programme, building lasting local partnerships and delivering 
projects including Mangorolla Community Interest Group, where we funded their ‘I’m a Scientist 
Get Me Out of Here’ online STEM enrichment activity. This allowed school learners to connect to 
and ask questions of a diverse range of STEM professions and engaged 2,179 learners aged 
10-18 years old from schools in Detroit, US and from state schools across the UK. 
Our STEM education efforts through Science and Me are on track to impact 24,000 students, 
and 118 teachers by the end of this calendar year. 
Moving into the next year, we will connect with local schools to widen our volunteering 
efforts, boost engagement as well as tap into opportunities such as micro-volunteering, which 
means offering shorter volunteering opportunities for example participating in a one-hour 
STEM careers webinar.
1. For calculation methodology please see page 227 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 43
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
How we engage with our external stakeholders 
Business associations 
Key focus of engagement on Sustainability in 2022/23
We actively participate in sustainability focused policy advocacy papers. 
Active CEO engagement promoting the future of hydrogen
Promoting adoption of IRMA’s responsible mining standard and common 
standards on carbon footprint of PGMs. Engaging with EU policy makers on 
introduction of Euro 7 standards and the Critical Raw Materials (CRM) Act.
Active role in the Sustainability Committee, particularly focusing on position on 
sustainable chemicals. 
Active engagement in sustainable financing task force shaping EU’s taxonomy 
and sustainable financing legislative framework. 
Provided input to their information-gathering on PGMs for the CRM
Active engagement on environmental regulations promoting clean air, health 
benefits and sustainable solutions in transport. 
We re-joined Corporate Leaders Group in 2022 and our CEO signed their pledge 
to net zero letter to UK prime minister in September.
We increased our engagement with leading organisations in the last year. Where possible, we 
ensure we are aligned on sustainability priorities; when there is not full alignment we actively 
participate in discussions to inform and shape policies and positions. 
We joined CBI in the UK during 2022/23, but like many companies suspended our 
membership in April 2023.
People: Promoting a safe, diverse and equitable society continued
Membership of global alliances 
Key focus of engagement on Sustainability in 2022/23
We became a member of the World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development (WBCSD) and joined their SOS1.5 project in January 2023. 
We are members of UN Global Compact and we published our first UNGP Annual 
report to “Comprehensive” standard in December 2022
 UNGP Annual Report: matthey.com/UNGP-progress
We also joined Business & Human rights accelerator and attended UNGC Climate 
Action Summit. 
Having suspended our membership of the World Economic Forum,  
we rejoined in 2022/23 and support their sustainability goals. 
On Industry Day at COP 26 (9th November, 2021), the World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development (WBCSD) and the Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) gathered ambitious 
companies to drive growth in the demand for, and supply of, low-carbon (blue) hydrogen – 
an essential part of the future net-zero energy system. Pledges were made by 28 companies 
representing different sectors from mining to energy, vehicle and equipment manufacturers, 
and financial services. The number of pledging companies has now increased to 35.
We were one of the original 28 pioneering companies, and the our pledge reads: “JM is 
putting its science and experience at the heart of solutions that support a cost-effective 
transition to a secure and environmentally sustainable energy system. By 2030, Johnson 
Matthey pledges to invest c. £1billion in the research, development and deployment of clean 
hydrogen technologies.”
As part of the Pledge, JM committed to provide an update annually, and we can report that 
our planned investment in this area is well on track to meet the Pledge. These investments 
include research, development and deployment of processes and catalysts underpinning the 
production of CCS-enabled (blue) hydrogen, components for the production of renewable 
electrolytic (green) hydrogen, components for hydrogen fuel cell technologies and the 
optimisation of refining technologies to recycle platinum group metals from these and other 
hydrogen-related applications.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202344
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Sustainability continued
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
In this section
Introduction 45
Governance 45
Strategy 46
Risk management 51
Metrics and targets 52
Introduction
Climate change is one of the most pressing threats facing our planet today. It is affecting our 
environment and poses a growing risk for people and businesses alike. We recognise that 
what we do at Johnson Matthey has impacts – both positive and negative. Our products and 
services help our customers to reduce greenhouse emissions and the new technologies 
we are designing will help further accelerate the transition to a low-carbon future. But the 
manufacturing and chemical processes we use have their own environmental impact, 
creating greenhouse gas emissions and using water.
Our company purpose is catalysing the net zero transition. Therefore, our strategy is shaped 
around the opportunities and the risks that our changing climate presents. We have set 
ourselves the target of achieving net zero by 2040 with a series of challenging short-term 
science-based targets (SBTs) on the 1.5oC pathway as well as an avoided GHG emissions 
target for benefits to our customers for 2030 (see page 24 for a full table of targets), to 
ensure we keep driving up the benefits of our products while reducing their environmental 
impact.
The disclosures in this report are consistent with the TCFD recommendations.
Governance
Given the nature of our business, and how closely aligned our strategy is to a warming world, 
climate-related risks and opportunities have been on the board’s agenda for many years.
Role of the Board and its committees
The Board is responsible for setting and overseeing the implementation of the group’s 
strategy, including the annual budget and detailed business plans. In doing so, it considers 
climate-related issues, including when approving requests for capital expenditure or new 
initiatives.
As a result of our internal board effectiveness review, the responsibilities of the Board and its 
committees in relation to climate-related issues and the broader sustainability agenda have 
been refined and clarified during the year.
The Societal Value Committee (SVC) is a meeting of the full Johnson Matthey board that 
focuses more closely on the governance of sustainability matters, including our response 
to climate change. The SVC meets four times a year, see pages 88-89 for more information 
about their work in 2022/23. The SVC has been driving the development and validation 
of roadmaps to deliver on our 2030 GHG reduction targets and the integration of carbon 
accounting into the company’s budgeting and capital allocation exercises, to ensure the right 
resources were allocated to deliver on our objectives. Given how fast society’s response to 
climate change is developing, the SVC receives papers on emerging issues related to climate 
at each meeting, such as legislation and stakeholders’ expectations. During the year the 
Committee has invited external experts to get an ‘outside-in’ view on climate regulation, 
including Inflation Reduction Action in the US and Green Deal in Europe.
Together with the Nomination Committee, the Board ensures that, among the directors, 
it has the necessary sustainability and climate-related expertise.
 For more details of our non-executive directors’ skills and experience, see pages 76-77
The Audit Committee monitors and assesses the level of assurance over TCFD and climate- 
related issues and performance metrics as we continue to develop our reporting in this area. 
The Audit Committee is also responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of internal control 
and risk management, which includes climate-related risk.
The Remuneration Committee set two climate-related targets within the group’s Long-term 
Performance Share Plan (PSP) in early 2022. Our senior leaders and directors participate 
in this PSP. This clearly reflects our intent to contribute to an acceleration of the transition 
to a net zero world. The development of the sustainability roadmaps to our 2030 GHG 
reduction targets were also embedded in the GLT members’ shared incentives for this year.
Role of management
The Board delegates responsibility for running the business to the Chief Executive Officer 
(CEO); this includes overall responsibility for climate-related issues. The CEO is supported 
by the Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO), who chairs the Sustainability Council which is made 
up of members from the GLT and the Sustainability Director who together, develop our 
sustainability vision, goals and targets.
The CSO is responsible for prioritising our sustainability agenda and threading all elements 
into our business, providing updates to the GLT on the steps taken to develop or implement 
our sustainability strategy, including key metrics, risks, opportunities and our roadmaps to 
net zero by 2040. 
At a business / working level, there are work streams for advancing specific aspects of 
sustainability. See our governance structure for climate-related issues for more details.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 45
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Coordination and transparency 
between Businesses and Functions and 
Sustainability team
Representation for sustainability topics 
in parallel board committees – e.g. 
Audit, Nomination and Remuneration
Sustainability leads by business  
and function
Governance structure for climate-related issues
Strategy
Our business strategy is based on our purpose of catalysing the net zero transition for our 
customers through enabling the necessary transitions in transport, energy, industry and the 
circular economy. Climate change offers us many business growth opportunities through our 
products and services, as well as some risks. The pace at which the world will adapt to the 
impacts of climate change is uncertain. So that we properly understand and are resilient 
to these uncertainties we maintain climate-change scenarios to frame the ambiguities 
in our long-term business strategy of an increasingly volatile and complex environment.
Climate scenarios for evaluating transition risks and opportunities
Our climate scenarios are used by all of our businesses as a common basis for planning, 
forecasting and stress testing their strategy and assumptions on growth. These scenarios, 
which project the impact of climate change on our operational and commercial performance, 
are essential in informing our strategic decisions, such as how we invest in R&D and assets, 
or which new products to develop. We also use climate scenarios to consider the resilience 
to changing weather patterns of our own operations, those of our strategic suppliers and our 
core supply routes.
Our three transition scenarios represent three global temperature rise pathways.
• Rapid transition scenario (aligned to 1.5oC) – net zero achieved globally by 2050, in line 
with the goal of the Paris Agreement to limit the world’s temperature rise to well below 
2oC. This reflects swift and decisive action regarding policy interventions and 
decarbonisation commitments.
• Pragmatic evolution scenario (aligned to 2oC) – net zero achieved globally by 2080, which 
reflects a step-up in policy interventions and decarbonisation commitments compared with 
today, but not as decisive as under the rapid transition scenario.
• Slow transition scenario (aligned to 3oC) – net zero not achieved by 2100, reflecting 
a global lack of urgency on climate change with limited policy or legislative interventions.
We developed our climate scenarios internally, with support from an external expert, 
reflecting the latest available research from the International Energy Agency (IEA). The IEA 
research we used included three scenarios: the Net Zero Emissions Scenario, the Announced 
Pledges Scenario, and the Stated Policies Scenario. Our methodology breaks down the 
different energy sources (electricity, hydrogen, gas, coal, oil, renewables, biomass and others) 
Board level
Level Committee / forum Attendees Frequency Objectives
GLT level
Business / 
Working level
• Sustainability Director
• Operations and Commercial 
sustainability leads
• Sustainability initiative owners 
from global functions
Sustainability  
work streams
• Build and agree roadmaps to targets
• Ensure delivery of roadmaps
• Discuss new and emerging topics
• Ensure customer needs on sustainability are 
proactively met
Bimonthly
• Chaired by CSO
• GLT members
• Sustainability Director
Sustainability  
Council
• Driving broader sustainability
• Decide on adjustments to the sustainability 
programme and strategy
• Monitor sustainability targets
• Other ad hoc topics
Quarterly
• CEO – responsible overall  
for climate-related issues
• CSO
• Other GLT members
GLT
• Agree and formally approve global sustainability 
strategy and goals
• Monitor roadmaps and ensure resources in place 
to deliver strategy and targets
Monthly (CSO updates  
as required)
• Full board 
• CSO
• External experts
• Formal board governance committee  
on Sustainability 
• Gives direction and oversight of ESG strategy, 
goals, performance
4 times a year
Societal Value 
Committee
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202346
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures continued
and considers forecasts for each source by demand type: transport, buildings, industry, power 
and heat. We developed in-house forecasts for specific source / demand combinations close 
to our areas of expertise in automotive, chemicals, hydrogen and other industries, while 
ensuring that, at a macro level, we remained within IEA’s forecasts.
We update our scenarios annually to reflect changes in external drivers, incorporating 
the latest from internationally recognised sources alongside our own forecasts. Our updates 
in the last year point towards an acceleration in demand for low-carbon hydrogen.
We model scenarios up to 2100 (see chart below), but look at shorter-term horizons, 
specifically 2030 and 2040, to inform our strategic and operational decisions. The table below 
details the main qualitative and quantitative assumptions we used for our 2040 scenarios. 
We use the pragmatic evolution scenario as our base case for our strategic planning.
Market Sector Metric (2040) Unit Rapid transition Pragmatic evolution Slow transition
Global Total primary energy demand Exajoules (EJ) 500-550 600-650 700-750
Renewables supply (excluding use of biomass) % of total energy supply c. 55% c. 35% c. 25%
Automotive Global sales of zero-emissions vehicles % of total automotive sales c. 90% c. 70% c. 40%
Global sales of fuel cell electric vehicles % of total automotive sales c. 20% c. 15% c. 10%
Hydrogen Global hydrogen production Mt p.a 350-400 200-250 150-200
Total anthropogenic emissions (GtCO2/yr)
Pragmatic evolutionSlow transition Rapid transition
-10
0
10
20
30
40
60
50
2020 21002060 2065 2070 2075 2080 2085 2090 20952050 205520452040203520302025
Climate scenarios for evaluating physical risks
Changing weather patterns as the climate warms may result in physical risks to our assets and 
supply chains. We have evaluated the exposure of all our assets and those of our strategic 
suppliers to these risks.
 We used the Shared Socio-economic Pathways (SSPs), the latest climate change modelling 
scenarios from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). The SSPs produce 
forward-looking climate data by running climate models driven by assumptions about future 
global GHG emissions, together with plausible future socio-economic development metrics 
(economic growth / GDP, demographics, land use and urbanisation), and incorporating the 
likely implementation of adaptation and mitigation measures.  
We looked at three SSPs for the locations of all our own operations and those of our strategic 
suppliers. We considered four time horizons – 2020 (our baseline), 2030, 2040 and 2050 
to identify the top hazards and how they are likely to change.
Scenario Assumed temperature increase (relative to 1850-1900)
SSP 1-2.6 Best estimate of 1.7oC warming by 2041-2060, and 1.8oC by 2081-2100
SSP 2-4.5 Best estimate of 2.0oC warming by 2041-2060, and 2.7oC by 2081-2100
SSP 5-8.5 Best estimate of 2.4oC warming by 2041-2060, and 4.4oC by 2081-2100
SSP 5-8.5 is an extreme scenario that is unlikely to arise, but it is useful for stress testing. 
We use it to test the resilience of our most important sites.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 47
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures continued
Through our scenario work, we identified three distinct potential climate-related impacts, which represent both risks and opportunities for our business. We have added the first climate impact risk 
to our principal risks because it is of strategic importance to our business (see page 62).
We use our climate scenarios to evaluate these risks and opportunities in the short (0–3 years), medium (3–10 years) and long term (10+ years), in line with our usual business planning 
timescales. We believe the pragmatic evolution climate scenario is most likely to occur, so have used it as the base case for assessing our transition impacts, and the other two scenarios to stress 
test the sensitivity and resilience of our business plans.
Primary driver 
of impact
Opportunities  
(with time horizons)
Risks 
(with time horizons)
Management  
of impacts
Financial impacts 
(after management)
KPIs to  
monitor impacts 
1. Changing customer demand for our products due to climate awareness
Regulation
• Tightening GHG 
emissions standards 
for vehicles.
• Government 
incentives or 
taxation for energy 
production or use 
based on carbon 
footprint (e.g. IRA 
and ETS).
• Requirements for 
use of bio-based 
feedstocks.
Markets
• Shifts in customer 
preferences.
Opportunities for new products in the 
medium and long term:
• Sales of products & services 
to rapidly growing low-carbon 
hydrogen generation sector
• Products for hydrogen-powered 
vehicles (FCEV & ICE) and 
sustainable aviation fuels
• Low-carbon solutions for the 
chemicals industry
• Increasing regulations and the 
introduction of carbon taxes will 
accelerate growth in our new 
target markets – sustainable 
chemicals, sustainable fuels and 
clean energy (medium term)
• Sustained sales of existing products 
for internal combustion engine 
vehicles as tighter GHG emissions 
standards (Euro 7) demand 
state-of-the-art technology for 
exhaust pipe catalysts (medium 
term).
Without adaptation of our 
portfolio, there is a 
long-term risk that we may 
not have a financially viable 
future business model as 
society transitions away 
from fossil fuels.
• Ability to invest and  
scale up rapidly to 
manufacture new 
products for new markets 
(short/medium term).
• Uncertainty in the rate of 
market evolution from 
existing to new 
technology options and 
penetration of hydrogen 
technologies affecting 
profitability (medium/
long term).
• Reduced demand for 
existing autocatalyst 
products for ICE vehicles 
(long term).
We focus on managing our existing businesses 
effectively, while pivoting away from fossil 
fuels-based industries to ones based on clean 
hydrogen, sustainable chemicals and bio-based fuels.
• We are closely monitoring the changing market 
environment drivers including evolving 
government policy on hydrogen, emissions 
standards, carbon taxation and incentives such 
as IRA.
• Updating our climate scenarios at least once a year 
to inform our strategic decisions.
• For our growth businesses we are investing in new 
production assets, forming long-term upstream 
and downstream strategic partnerships to enable 
us to play to our strengths to accelerate growth and 
maintain capital expenditure in line with market 
expectations e.g PlugPower & Fulcrum.
• For our maturing businesses, we have a plan to 
reduce our cost base to improve efficiency and 
cash flow.
• Divesting businesses not core to our growth 
strategy to simplify & focus.
• We keep investing in innovation to make sure  
we have products that differentiate us in all 
our markets. 
Growth
Accelerating profit growth 
coming from businesses 
related to the net zero 
transition.
Clean Air remains on track 
to deliver our cash generation 
target of  at least £4 billion 
by 2030/31 in base case 
scenario.
Investments and Costs
c. £0.4 billion of cumulative 
capital expenditures 
dedicated to businesses 
related to the net zero 
transition in 3 years 
2022/23-2024/25. 
Progress towards our 2030 
sustainability targets for 
products and services:
• Tonnes of GHGs avoided 
by customers using our 
products
• % Revenue and R&D and 
revenues aligned with 
SDG7 and SDG13
• Economic activity aligned 
with EU taxonomy 
regulation – climate 
delegated act.
Our climate-related transition risks and opportunities 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202348
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures continued
Primary driver 
of impact
Opportunities  
(with time horizons)
Risks 
(with time horizons)
Management  
of impacts
Financial impacts 
(after management)
KPIs to  
monitor impacts 
2.  Increasing demand for low-carbon manufacturing
Markets
• Shift in customer 
preferences towards 
products with a 
low-carbon footprint.
Regulation
• Carbon taxation 
mechanisms in 
countries of operation 
e.g. ETS.
• Emerging rules 
on recycled content  
of consumer goods 
and the need for 
companies to declare 
the carbon footprint 
of their products.
  • Commercial advantage if 
we adapt our manufacturing 
plants to low-carbon 
operation faster than our 
competitors (short/medium 
term).
• Save future carbon taxation 
costs, which will reduce 
operating costs and give us 
price advantage as schemes 
become more widespread 
and expensive (short/
medium term).
• As the world’s largest 
recycler of secondary PGMs, 
we could benefit from 
the increased demand 
for goods with low-carbon 
and/or recycled critical 
raw material content 
(short/medium term).
Medium-term risk that we cannot transition 
our operations for net zero at the correct  
pace to meet customer demand of  
low-carbon products.
• Loss of customers and failure to attract new 
customers due to reputational damage if we 
do not transition fast enough to cleaner 
energy solutions in our operations (medium/
long term).
• Greater capital required to upgrade our 
assets and site infrastructure to transition to 
low-carbon manufacturing (medium term).
• Inability to access the alternative renewable 
energy sources needed to reduce natural gas 
use in our operations (medium/long term).
• Loss of competitive advantage due to 
increased costs to us and our suppliers of 
goods and logistics due to carbon taxation 
on raw materials and fossil-fuel derived 
energy (medium term).
• We have set challenging 2030 GHG 
reduction targets in line with the 1.5⁰C 
pathway and published roadmaps to 
decarbonise our manufacturing operations.
• We use an internal carbon price for our 
capital investment decisions and the Board 
consider sustainability reviews of all 
investment decisions £5million and above to 
help us make the right choices for 
decarbonising our operations for net zero in 
the long term.
• We review global carbon pricing trends 
annually and have embedded carbon price 
forecasts into our three- and ten-year 
planning cycles.
• Monitor trends in customer requests for 
product carbon footprint, Life-Cycle analysis 
(LCA) and recycling information.
Exposure to direct  
carbon taxation on our 
manufacturing 
operation is not forecast 
to be material 
in our 3 year viability 
period, see page 70.
Progress towards our 
2030 sustainability 
targets for products 
and services:
• Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG 
emissions
• % recycled PGM 
content in our 
products
• Number of customer 
requests for 
low-carbon and 
recycled content 
in products
• Current and forecast 
direct exposure 
to carbon taxation 
in 2030 for our 
operations.
3. Increasing stakeholder expectations of corporate climate policy and performance
Reputation
• Increased concerns or 
negative feedback from 
stakeholders.
Legal
• Exposure to litigation.
• Developing and delivering 
robust climate policy will 
increase our long-term 
business resilience, 
attracting shareholders 
and employees aligned 
with our values.
• Delivering our net zero 
commitment and science-
based targets will help us 
demonstrate sustainability 
leadership, and increase our 
profile with new customers 
and shareholders.
• Investors, employees and wider society are 
scrutinising companies’ sustainability 
commitments ever more closely. Failing to 
meet their expectations could damage our 
reputation, losing us customers, making it 
difficult to attract and retain staff, and 
ultimately increasing the risk of shareholder 
action (medium/long term).
• Our climate policy, net zero ambitions 
and sustainability targets do not keep 
up with stakeholder expectations.
• Our plans for meeting these commitments 
are not deemed sufficiently detailed 
or credible.
• We fail to meet these commitments.
We continue to monitor and manage the 
expectations of our stakeholders as follows:
• SVC and Sustainability Council monitor our 
governance of climate- related issues at 
every meeting.
• Close monitoring of the latest case law and 
developments in climate litigation.
• Developing and monitoring net zero 
roadmaps to 2040.
• This year we have increased the ambition in 
our Scope1,2 & 3 targets to be in line with 
1.5°C pathway and SBTi Net Zero standard.
• Maintaining regular dialogue with investors.
• Market scanning and benchmarking 
of targets to ensure our climate-related 
polices and commitments meet the 
highest expectations.
Reputational risk is not 
easily quantified.
How we score on 
leading ESG platforms:
• CDP Investor score
• DJSI, Sustainalytics 
and MSCI 
climate scores
• Progress towards 
our 2030 
sustainability targets 
for GHG emissions.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 49
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures continued
Our climate-related physical risks and opportunities
Changing weather patterns as the climate warms may result in physical risks to our assets and supply chains. They could damage our sites and disrupt production, leading to loss of sales and 
increased costs, as well as posing risks to our employees. They could also hamper our access to strategic raw materials through supply chain disruption, either at our suppliers’ sites or in transit. 
These physical risks can be grouped into two categories:
• Acute, which are extreme events such as tropical cyclones, thunderstorms, severe flooding events, droughts, heatwaves and wildfires.
• Chronic, which are gradual changes like rising sea levels that damage coastal property, or sustained changes to temperature and rainfall. 
Primary driver of 
impact
Opportunities 
(with time horizons)
Risks 
(with time horizons)
Management 
of impacts
Financial impacts 
(after management)
KPIs to 
monitor impacts 
4. Disruption to our operations resulting in damage to or loss of assets, increased costs and harm to our employees.
Physical risks  
(acute and chronic).
Increased frequency, 
severity and variability of 
extreme weather events 
and natural disasters.
Competitive advantage  
by improving our business 
resilience and controls 
through diligent climate-
related screening of assets, 
and integration with business 
continuity plans 
(medium term).
Damage to our key sites, equipment or 
stock from severe weather (wind, rain 
and drought) if any increased risk is not 
effectively mitigated, leading to 
disruption of supply to our customers 
(medium term).
Insurance of our sites could become 
inadequate or more expensive if a site 
is at very high risk of weather-related 
disruption (medium term).
Increased employee EHS incidents if 
sites not adapted to increased risk of 
heat wave. 
Our ten most important manufacturing sites 
identified as being located in areas with 
increasing risk from high rainfall are 
undergoing deep-dive assessments of their 
resilience and implementing mitigation as 
required, please see case study on page 51.
Integration of weather-related risks in business 
continuity plans and follow-up action plans.
Climate change assessment considered 
as part of due diligence for new investments 
for growth.
We use the WRI tool to monitor where clean 
water availability could be at risk in the 
long-term, see page 46.
We regularly review the type and limit 
of insurance available for climate risks to 
our portfolio. 
High level analysis of our ten 
most critical locations shows 
that there is no material 
financial impact from climate 
change risks on the 
quantifiable hazards (flood 
and windstorm in the 
medium term).
Proportion of physical asset 
value exposed to a climate 
change related high or very 
high hazard levels by 2030:
Number of sites in 
water-stressed areas.
Amount of water consumed 
in areas or high or extremely 
high baseline water stress.
5. Disruption to our supply chain (upstream and downstream) hampering our access to strategic raw materials (including metals) and products, and increasing costs.
Physical risks  
(acute and chronic).
Increased frequency, 
severity and variability of 
extreme weather events 
and natural disasters.
Engaging with our suppliers to 
help them manage climate 
risks to their sites could 
enhance our relationships 
with them and save us money 
(medium term).
Increase in business resilience 
through more diligent and 
frequent screening of our 
suppliers’ assets (e.g. through 
integration with business 
continuity plans)
(medium term) 
Disruption of supply of key raw 
materials risks our ability to deliver 
goods on time to customers, resulting 
in loss of sales and future business  
and damage to our reputation 
(medium term).
Insurance cover of suppliers is 
inadequate, and uncertainty over  
the future level of increased risk 
responsibility that will be assumed by 
suppliers and / or JM relating to climate 
risks, or if physical risks should be 
transferred (medium term, three to 
ten years).
Climate risk is integrated into our principal risk 
management structure and Supplier 
Partnering framework (SRM). We undertake 
quarterly reviews of the risks identified, 
supplier remediation plans and alignment 
with company and category strategies.
We work with strategic suppliers to integrate 
specific climate mitigating actions where high 
risks are identified to improve their resilience 
or we switch to alternative partners for 
high-risk delivery routes (short / 
medium term).
We ensure that the type and limit of  
our suppliers’ insurance is in line with  
our own risks and external obligations 
(medium term).
We continue to develop a diversified supply 
portfolio, with emphasis on dual sourcing 
at supplier and site levels. 
No issues identified in the 
last year. 
  Number of weather-related 
supply chain disruptions.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202350
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures continued
Risk management
All our climate-related risks are subject to our global enterprise risk management process, 
which provides a systematic approach of understanding, evaluating and addressing all 
identified risks (see page 62 for more information).
Identifying climate-related risks
Over the last year we continued to review and evaluate our climate-related risks against 
industry best practice, peer benchmarking and risks identified by business leads and subject 
matter experts as well as new and emerging risks. 
We believe our climate-risks are in line with industry and legislative expectations. During the 
year, we have not identified any new climate-related risks but we have combined two risks 
which were previously reported separately as we recognised they were strongly 
interconnected with both being influenced by pricing and carbon markets.
Assessing those risks
Our enterprise risk framework provides the tools and guidance to our businesses on how 
to assess all risk types. The framework allows the comparison of risks using the metrics 
of likelihood, time horizon and financial impact to determine most material risks to our 
business.
During the year climate risks have been approached with renewed focus through evaluating 
potential impact and velocity – immediacy of impact. Use of this extra metric has allowed the 
determination of which climate risks pose most immediate material impact to our operations. 
This evolution from a reactive to a proactive strategic approach is essential for maturing our 
assessment and integration of climate risk mitigation into our business strategy.
We also use external third parties to evaluate physical climate risks at our locations and those 
of our suppliers. Following on from our assessment in 2021, in 2022 we began to carry out 
detailed site resilience assessments on our top ten highest risk manufacturing locations. 
We will continue this throughout 2023 to determine the requirements for areas we need 
to focus on in the short, medium and long term.
Integrating those risks
Through our enterprise risk framework, climate-related risks and opportunities are integrated 
into our strategic decision making. Climate change considerations are part of how we 
operate, and climate is included in our bottom-up operational risk management process, 
providing a clear view of climate-related risks across the organisation. 
Managing those risks
The Sustainability Council oversees our sustainability strategy, including managing our 
climate-related risks. These risks may have a direct or indirect impact on our principal risks 
and are therefore managed alongside and integrated within our principal risk process. 
To drive consistency, each of our climate risks has been assigned a risk owner and sponsor as 
per our principal risk approach. These individuals are senior stakeholders who are accountable 
for reviewing, monitoring and assessing the magnitude of the risk as well as overseeing the 
implementation of appropriate mitigations.
All of our principal risks are reviewed formally, twice a year, by the GLT and the Board. 
In the coming year, we aim to develop detailed mitigation plans for each identified climate 
risk with distinct intermediary goals.
 For more information on our risk management approach, please see pages 62-69
Preparing for weather-related issues at our sites
Last year, we completed a global review 
of our assets to assess the degree of 
exposure to physical climate risks and 
identify the high-risk sites. This year, we 
selected one of those high-risk sites, in 
the UK, and worked with a 3rd party to 
conduct a more detailed climate change 
risk assessment. The assessment covered 
the site, buildings and processes, and 
assessed the likely impact from climate 
change now and in future years. The 
climate risk assessment identified several 
climate hazards, and a total of 31 risks. 
The highest risks were associated with 
surface-water flooding and damage 
from high winds. Several measures for 
adaption and mitigation have since been 
implemented at the site, which address 
those high-priority risks, and the  
lower- priority risk actions have been 
incorporated into the ongoing site 
maintenance plans. Further rollout  
of these climate change risk assessments 
will be planned at strategic sites  
this year.   
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 51
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures continued
Metrics and targets
The metrics and targets we use to help us manage our climate risks and opportunities effectively are shown below. They were identified in climate-impact tables on pages 48-50 and their values 
are summarised here. Our Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions targets have been submitted to the Science-based Targets initiative for independent verification that they are consistent with the UN 
Paris agreement on climate change’s 1.5°C pathway, and a full breakdown of performance in all categories over the last four years can be found on page 28.
Metric description Climate-
related risk 
Target type Baseline year Baseline value 2030 target 2022/23 
progress
More on page
Tonnes GHGs avoided by customers when using our technologies1 1 Absolute 2020/21 200,9322 50 million 848,643 25
% sales aligned with SDG7 and SDG13 1 Intensity 2020/21 6.1% No target 8% 22
% R&D spend aligned with SDG7 and SDG13 1 Intensity 2020/21 22.3% No target 19.2% 22
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions (market-based) (tonnes CO2e)1 2,3 Absolute 2019/20 417,8182 242,334 363,686 25
Scope 3 GHG purchased goods and services (tonnes CO2e) 2,3 Absolute 2019/20 3,433,6602 1,991,523 2,495,475 25
% recycled PGM content in our products 2 Intensity 2021/22 70.1% 75% 69.2% 29
Potential exposure to carbon taxation in 2030 2 Intensity 2021/22 not disclosed no target not disclosed 70
CDP climate score 3 Absolute 2019/20 B A B 23
% physical asset value exposed to high weather-related hazard by 2030 4 Intensity 2020/21 35% no target 35% 50
Water consumed in regions of high baseline water stress (m3) 4 Absolute 2020/21 406,0372 no target 399,174 30
Number of supply chain disruptions due to severe weather 5 Absolute 2020/21 not disclosed 0 0 50
1. Metrics are linked to long-term Performance Share Plan (PSP) for senior directors
2. Rebaselined to remove divested businesses, please see page 222 for more information
Internal carbon pricing (ICP)
Last year, we introduced a shadow carbon price to our capital investment business case 
assessment process, as recommended by the Bank of England. The intention is that this will 
incentivise us to reach net zero by ensuring all investments are made in the context of a 
low-carbon world where the price of carbon is higher than it is today. Although the ICP is not 
a real cost of the investment, it demonstrates what the impact would be of carbon taxation 
forecast for 2030 and beyond, and we use it to evaluate and compare potential investments. 
We have implemented the ICP for Scope 1 and 2 emissions for the asset when operational. 
The intention is to extend this to Scope 3 (raw material and supply chain impacts emissions) 
in the future. We chose not to apply ICP to emissions related to the development of the 
project itself, such as equipment manufacture, or to construction-related emissions, since 
such emissions are both short term and generally minor in relation to the overall life of the 
asset. The price applied in 2022/23 was £100/tonnes CO2e, with sensitivity analysis conducted 
at £50/tonnes CO2e and £150/tonnes CO2e.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202352
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures continued
Chief Financial Officer’s review
Despite challenging markets, we have made steady 
progress in implementing our new strategy – doing 
exactly what we set out to do and starting to win back 
the trust of stakeholders.
Executing with discipline
During this year, I have spent a lot of time speaking with our internal and external 
stakeholders, and the message is clear. They see the pathway for strong ongoing cash 
generation from our mature businesses, as well as the exciting potential of our growth 
opportunities in hydrogen and catalyst technologies, all underpinned by our leading 
technology. But they have also been repeatedly disappointed by our performance and 
investment decisions in recent years and want to know why it will be different this time. 
So, 2022/23, with our new leadership team, has been about doing what we said we would 
do at the start of the year. We have achieved the key milestones we set for this year, and 
our strategic scorecard is in good shape. This is an important part of showing ourselves, 
our investors and other stakeholders that we not only have market-leading technology and 
expertise – but we are positioned for long-term value creation too. While still early days in 
executing our strategy, I am encouraged by the progress that has been made to date and 
more convinced than ever that we have set the right path to growth for Johnson Matthey.
We have continued to simplify our portfolio during the year, announcing the sale of Piezo 
Products and the Diagnostics Services business. We are on track on our remaining 
divestments. Simplifying the business removes complexity and allows us to focus on our core 
strengths and the engines of growth within the business. 
Internally, our cost-reduction programme is making inroads by simplifying, standardising and 
getting greater value from our back-office functions. We have delivered c. £45 million in cost 
savings this year and will further accelerate our efforts on this front in the coming years 
to more than deliver our £150 million savings target. 
Our transformation, including the simplification of the portfolio and streamlining of 
processes, is further building a strong platform for growth. As Liam has noted, our growth 
opportunities are even greater than initially anticipated and they are approaching fast. 
To capture these opportunities we need to invest, and we will do so in a disciplined way, 
focusing on returns and keeping capex under control. I’m pleased to see the progress 
we have made with our large projects on time and on budget. And of course, we are focused 
on investing behind customer demand, which gives us more confidence in the returns from 
these investments.
It is particularly encouraging that we were able to make so much headway towards our 
strategic objectives despite a challenging macroeconomic backdrop and difficult operating 
environment. This is testament to the dedication and hard work of the team at JM, and that 
we see encouraging signs that our efforts are paying off. 
Navigating economic headwinds
JM’s underlying operating profit was £465 million, down 21% from 2021/22 as we were 
impacted by lower auto production, higher inflation and lower platinum group metal prices. 
As expected, we saw a stronger second half of the year with operating profit down 12% 
as we increased prices and saw the benefits of our efficiency programmes. Our balance sheet 
remains strong: net debt to EBITDA was 1.6x, towards the bottom of our stated range, 
while free cash flow was £74 million. We delivered c. £45 million in efficiency savings during 
the year, well on the way to achieving our target of £150 million annualised savings by end 
2024/25. Our capital projects programme is also on track in terms of the amount invested, 
expected returns and timing of execution.
We acted quickly to get costs down when the war in Ukraine disrupted supply chains and 
added to significant inflation. But inflation has impacted a range of inputs to our operations, 
including energy. Importantly, we did not allow the short-term impacts to deter us from 
making strategic investments to position JM for long-term growth. These investments are 
incredibly important as many future opportunities will rely on the expanded capacity we are 
currently building.
Platinum group metal prices were volatile during 2022/23 and lower on average than the 
prior year. The PGMS business also saw lower volumes of automotive scrap, which impacted 
the performance of our refining business. This was partially offset by efficiency savings made 
during the year. Meanwhile, we continued to invest in updating our infrastructure assets 
and expanding our capacity.
Catalyst Technologies is making good progress towards its goal of winning large-scale 
projects, with five added to its portfolio during the year. Higher prices, improved mix and cost 
savings offset cost inflation and the impact of the loss of business in Russia. Investment 
continued, however, with the capacity expansion project at our facility in Perstorp, Sweden, 
proceeding to plan.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 53
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION

The Hydrogen Technologies business was insulated from some of the market headwinds that 
impacted our other businesses, with sales more than doubling over the course of 2022/23 to 
reach £55 million. The business is benefiting from rapid growth in interest in hydrogen fuel 
cells and clean hydrogen production, and we announced a large-scale partnership with 
Plug Power, which will see us jointly build a significant new facility in the US. HT is already 
investing to expand its capacity in the UK, with our new major site in Royston in the UK due 
to complete construction in 2023/24. 
While Clean Air’s results were below the prior year impacted by lower auto and truck 
production and significant cost inflation, we underpinned the longer-term future of that 
business with some key business wins. Notably, we won all of Mercedes-Benz’s light duty 
diesel business in Europe. Looking ahead, the Euro 7 proposals and updated US EPA 
legislation are expected to act as tailwinds for the business. Clean Air increased sales during 
2022/23 to £2.6 billion and the business is on track to achieve its target of more than 
£4 billion of cash in the decade to 2030/31, having delivered cumulative cashflow of  
£1.4 billion to date. 
In the year, we completed the sale of Piezo Products while the sale of Diagnostic Services 
is expected to complete in the third quarter of calendar 2023. These represent good progress 
against our strategic milestone of divesting our Value Businesses by the end of 2023/24 
and generating at least £300 million in proceeds. 
Strengthening our commercial muscle
We have made encouraging progress in bringing greater commerciality into the business. 
This has included reinvigorating the incentive programme for our sales teams and sharpening 
our focus on pricing discipline. The fruits of these efforts can be seen in the results for the 
second half of the year, not least in the increasing recovery of significant cost inflation – such 
that by the end of the year we had recovered £95 million, of inflation through increased pricing.
The actions we have already taken as part of the transformation programme have laid strong 
foundations. This is only the beginning of the process, and there is much more work to be 
done to drive efficiency, remove complexity and further reduce costs. To become a more 
commercially minded and customer-focused business, we will remain focused on disciplined 
execution of our strategy and pursuing our purpose of catalysing the net zero transition 
for our customers. 
A bright future ahead
The significant customer wins during 2022/23 are testament to the size of the opportunity 
ahead for JM. They are also confirmation that our strategy is focused on the right areas. 
With unprecedented interest (and growing urgency) around the energy transition, 
the market is well and truly moving towards JM. 
It is a great position to be in, but one that we need to be prepared for. We will continue 
to execute our strategy, cautiously increasing the scale and the pace of our ambition while at 
the same time driving the transformation of the business for growth and increased profitability.
I can honestly say I am more excited now about the prospects for JM than at any time since 
I joined two years ago. As we emerge from a difficult economic environment in stronger 
shape, I’m confident a much brighter future is within our reach, and as we help the world 
build a more sustainable future. 
Finally, I would like to say thank you to our teams for the hard work and dedication they have 
again shown this year. The transformation of our company is beginning to bear fruit which 
is a testament to their focus and commitment.
Stephen Oxley
Chief Financial Officer
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202354
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Chief Financial Officer’s review continued
Financial performance review
Reported results Underlying results (continuing)¹
Year ended 31st March Year ended 31st March
% change, 
constant FX rates2023 2022 % change 2023 2022 % change
Revenue £m 14,933 16,025 -7
Sales excluding precious metals³ £m 4,201 3,778 +11 +6
Operating profit £m 406 255 +59 465 553 -16 -21
Profit before tax (continuing) £m 344 195 +76 404 493 -18
Profit after tax (continuing) £m 264 116 n/a 326 407 -20
Basic earnings per share (continuing) pence 144.2 30.9 n/a 178.6 213.2 -16
Ordinary dividend per share pence 77.0 77.0 -
Underlying performance – continuing operations1,2
• Sales of £4.2 billion, up 6%, with higher prices to partially recover cost inflation, partly 
offset by lower average PGM prices
• Underlying operating profit of £465 million, down 21%. Almost half was due to lower 
average PGM prices with the remainder largely due to cost inflation and lower volumes 
in PGM Services and Clean Air. This was partly offset by transformation benefits 
• Underlying earnings per share of 178.6p, down 16% due to lower underlying 
operating profit
• Free cash flow of £74 million, compared to £221 million in the prior year largely reflecting 
lower underlying operating profit and working capital movements
• Strong balance sheet with net debt of £1.0 billion; net debt to EBITDA of 1.6 times
Notes:
1. Underlying is before profit or loss on disposal of businesses, gain or loss on significant legal proceedings together with associated legal costs, amortisation of acquired intangibles, share of profits or losses from non-strategic equity investments, major impairment and restructuring 
charges and, where relevant, related tax effects. For definitions and reconciliations of other non-GAAP measures, see pages 206-209
2. Unless otherwise stated, sales and operating profit commentary refers to performance at constant exchange rates. Growth at constant rates excludes the translation impact of foreign exchange movements, with 2021/22 results converted at 2022/23 average rates. In 2022/23, 
the translational impact of exchange rates on group sales and underlying operating profit was a benefit of £193 million and £38 million respectively
3. Revenue excluding sales of precious metals to customers and the precious metal content of products sold to customers
Reported results
• Revenue down 7%, driven by lower average PGM prices
• Operating profit of £406 million, up materially, largely due to the absence of a one-off 
impairment in the prior period relating to Battery Materials
• Profit before tax (continuing) of £344 million, compared to £195 million in the prior 
period, reflecting higher operating profit due to the absence of the Battery Materials 
impairment
• Reported earnings per share (continuing) of 144.2 pence
• Cash inflow from operating activities of £291 million (2021/22: £605 million)
• Ordinary dividend of 77.0 pence per share stable year-on-year
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 55
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Summary of underlying operating results from 
continuing operations
Unless otherwise stated, commentary refers to performance at constant rates¹. Percentage 
changes in the tables are calculated on rounded numbers.
Sales
(£ million)
Year ended 31st March
% change
% change, 
constant FX rates2023 2022²
Clean Air 2,644 2,457 +8 +2
PGM Services 570 587 -3 -8
Catalyst Technologies 560 454 +23 +17
Hydrogen Technologies 55 25 +120 +112
Value Businesses³,⁴ 470 354 +33 +28
Eliminations (98) (99)
Sales (continuing) 4,201 3,778 +11 +6
Underlying operating profit 
(£ million)
Year ended 31st March
% change
% change, 
 constant FX rates2023 2022²
Clean Air 230 302 -24 -28
PGM Services 257 308 -17 -21
Catalyst Technologies 51 50 +2 -2
Hydrogen Technologies (45) (33) n/a n/a
Value Businesses³,⁵ 40 12 n/a n/a
Corporate (68) (86)
Underlying operating profit (continuing) 465 553 -16 -21
Reconciliation of underlying operating profit to operating profit  
(£ million)
Year ended 31st March
2023 2022²
Underlying operating profit (continuing) 465 553
Profit on disposal of businesses6 12 106
Major impairment and restructuring charges6 (41) (440)
Amortisation of acquired intangibles (5) (6)
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings⁶ (25) 42
Operating profit (continuing) 406 255
Notes:
1. Growth at constant rates excludes the translation impact of foreign exchange movements, with 2021/22 results converted at 2022/23 
average rates. In 2022/23, the translational impact of exchange rates on group sales and underlying operating profit was a benefit of 
£193 million and £38 million respectively
2. 2021/22 is restated to reflect the group’s new reporting structure
3. Includes Battery Systems, Medical Device Components, Diagnostic Services, Battery Materials and Advanced Glass Technologies
4. Sales relating to divestments: Advanced Glass Technologies (2021/22: £62 million, 2022/23: nil) and Battery Materials 
(2021/22: £12 million, 2022/23: £21 million)
5. Operating profit or loss related to divestments: Advanced Glass Technologies (2021/22: £16 million,  
2022/23: -£1 million) and Battery Materials (2021/22: -£22 million, 2022/23: £3 million)
6. For further detail on these items please see page 168
Full year operating results by sector
Clean Air
Improved sequential performance supported by increased inflation recovery
• Sales up 2% supported by pricing as we partially recovered higher input costs
• Underlying operating profit decreased 28% impacted by cost inflation, product mix and 
lower volumes
• Margins saw an improvement during the second half resulting from increased inflation 
recovery and benefits from our transformation programme
• On track to deliver at least £4 billion of cash in the decade to 2030/31, having delivered 
£1.4 billion since 2020/21 at actual precious metal prices 
Year ended 31st March
% change
% change, 
constant FX 
rates
2023
£ million
2022
£ million
Sales 
Light duty diesel 1,075 1,005 +7 +4
Light duty gasoline 599 574 +4 -1
Heavy duty diesel 970 878 +10 +3
Total sales 2,644 2,457 +8 +2
Underlying operating profit 230 302 -24 -28
Underlying margin 8.7% 12.3%
Reported operating profit 191 273
Clean Air provides catalysts for emission control after-treatment systems used in light and 
heavy duty vehicles powered by internal combustion engines.
Sales during the period were up 2%. Vehicle production was impacted by a challenging supply 
chain environment as well as COVID-related lockdowns in China. Although semiconductor 
shortages have gradually eased, other supply chain disruptions such as labour availability 
and logistic bottlenecks have continued to affect vehicle production. As the year progressed, 
pent-up demand and the easing of supply chain issues led to an improvement in 
production activity.
Light duty catalysts – diesel and gasoline 
Light duty diesel
Light duty diesel sales were up 4%, outperforming a declining market. We saw strong 
performance in the Americas and good performance in Europe, partly offset by a decline in 
Asia. In Europe, which represents around 60% of our total light duty diesel sales, our growth 
was driven by strong platform performance despite some automotive OEMs continuing to 
prioritise commercial vehicles over the passenger car platforms that we serve. In the Americas 
we significantly outperformed a growing market, driven by the ramp up of a new platform 
and strong platform performance. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202356
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Financial performance review continued
In Asia, our performance was in line with a declining market, which was impacted by a weak 
commercial vehicle market in China and an increase in electric vehicle penetration. Our sales 
decline in the region was also the result of lower revenue per unit as a result of product mix.
Light duty gasoline
Light duty gasoline sales were down 1%, underperforming the overall global market. In Europe 
and Asia, previous platform losses led to a decline in sales in both regions. In the Americas, 
sales grew slightly ahead of a strong underlying market as we benefited from the ramp up 
of new platforms. We continue to invest in light duty gasoline to support our future growth 
with early signs of success. For example, two OEMs in the high performance sports car 
segment have chosen JM to be sole supplier which validates the strength of our technology 
and gives confidence in winning future light duty gasoline platforms.
Heavy duty diesel catalysts 
In heavy duty diesel sales were up 3%, significantly outperforming a declining market. 
We saw strong performance in Europe and the Americas, partly offset by a decline in Asia. 
In Europe our sales significantly outperformed a growing market due to higher revenue per 
vehicle and we also benefited from good performance in our off road platforms. In the 
Americas, the high value Class 8 truck cycle peaked during the last quarter of our fiscal year. 
As expected, our heavy duty sales benefited from this cycle and were also supported by 
improved product mix. Sales in Asia declined as COVID lockdowns in China significantly 
impacted vehicle production and led to customers building stock in the prior year in 
anticipation of these lockdowns. Looking ahead, our leading position in heavy duty means 
we are well placed to benefit from future developments including hydrogen powered internal 
combustion engines.
Underlying operating profit
Underlying operating profit declined 28% to £230 million and margins decreased to 8.7%. 
This largely reflected cost inflation, product mix, lower volumes, and the transactional 
impact of exchange rates. We saw a sequential improvement in margins during the year, 
benefiting from an acceleration in the recovery of cost inflation and benefits from our 
transformation programme.
On track to deliver at least £4 billion of cash in the decade to 2030/311
We delivered another year of strong cash flow as we continue to focus on driving efficiencies, 
optimising capital expenditure and working capital. We generated around £600² million 
of cash and a cumulative £1.4 billion² since 2021/22, the first year of this guidance. 
PGM Services
Performance reflects lower average PGM prices and reduced refinery volumes
• Sales performance primarily reflects lower average PGM prices and reduced refinery volumes 
due to lower auto scrap levels as a result of the continued buoyant used car market
• Underlying operating profit was down mainly due to lower average PGM prices and reduced 
refinery volumes
• Cost inflation was more than offset by efficiencies as well as higher pricing across both our 
refining and products businesses
Year ended 31st March
 % change
% change, 
constant FX 
rates
2023
£ million
2022 
£ million
Sales 
PGM Services 570 587 -3 -8
Underlying operating profit 257 308 -17 -21
Underlying margin 45.1% 52.5%
Reported operating profit 257 307
PGM Services is the world’s largest recycler of platinum group metals (PGMs). This business 
has an important role in enabling the energy transition through providing circular solutions 
as demand for scarce critical materials increases. PGM Services provides a strategic service 
to the group, supporting Clean Air, Catalyst Technologies and Hydrogen Technologies with 
security of metal supply in a volatile market, recycling capabilities and manufactures value 
added PGM products for both internal and external customers. 
In PGM Services, sales declined 8% against a strong prior year. This was primarily driven 
by lower average PGM prices, where average prices for platinum, palladium and rhodium 
declined around 10%, 20% and 30% compared to the prior year. Recent PGM price weakness 
has been driven by lower auto demand and also liquidation of some excess rhodium positions 
in an illiquid market.
In our refineries, intake volumes were down as expected due to lower auto scrap resulting 
from a buoyant used car market. Sales were partly offset by benefits from operational 
efficiency and higher pricing. In a volatile market, our metal trading business had another 
good year, with sales only moderately down against a strong prior period. 
Across our PGM products businesses, sales were moderately down. This was primarily driven 
by lower sales of catalysts for the pharmaceutical and agricultural chemicals markets due 
to the phasing of customers’ orders.
Underlying operating profit
Underlying operating profit declined 21% mainly impacted by lower average PGM prices  
(c. £55 million impact3) and reduced refinery volumes. Cost inflation was more than offset 
by efficiency benefits, as well as higher pricing across both our refining and products businesses. 
Notes:
1. At least £4 billion of cash under our range of scenarios from 1st April 2021 to 31st March 2031. Cash target pre-tax and post 
restructuring costs
2. Delivered around £600 million of cash in 2022/23 at actual precious metal prices, which equates to just over £400 million at constant 
prices (March 2022). Delivered around £1.4 billion cumulatively since 2021/22 at actual metal prices
3. Gross PGM price impact was c. £55 million, which was partly offset by foreign exchange benefits. Foreign exchange benefit reflects 
the pricing of PGMs in US dollars
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 57
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Financial performance review continued
Catalyst Technologies
Strong sales growth and improved performance in the second half
• Sales up 17% largely reflecting growth in licensing and catalyst refills, as well as 
improved pricing
• Strong performance in licensing with five licence wins within low carbon hydrogen 
and sustainable fuels (includes one win in May 2023)
• Underlying operating profit was in line with the prior year. Improved pricing, licensing and 
transformation benefits offset significant cost inflation and the loss of Russian business
Year ended  
31st March
 % change
% change, 
constant FX 
rates
2023
£ million
2022 
£ million
Sales 
Catalyst Technologies 560 454 +23 +17
Underlying operating profit 51 50 +2 -2
Underlying margin 9.1% 11.0%
Reported operating profit 43 78
Catalyst Technologies is focused on enabling the decarbonisation of chemical and fuels value 
chains and we have leading positions in syngas: methanol, ammonia, hydrogen and 
formaldehyde. Catalyst Technologies has three key segments: industrial and consumer, 
traditional fuels and sustainable solutions that help catalyse the transition to net zero. 
Our revenue streams include licensing and engineering income, first fill and refill catalysts. 
Sales during the period were up 17%, with strong growth in licensing and growth in first fills 
and refills reflecting higher pricing and positive mix.
Industrial and consumer
Industrial and consumer includes our traditional syngas (methanol, ammonia and 
formaldehyde) catalyst offerings as well as the majority of our current licensing business. 
We saw double digit sales growth reflecting strong growth in licensing and first fills as new 
plants came on stream following licence wins in recent years. In the year, we signed six new 
licences (2021/22: three licences). Refills also grew well supported by growth in ammonia 
and formaldehyde.
Traditional fuels
Traditional fuels includes our refining additives, hydrogen and natural gas purification 
offerings. Growth in the segment was mainly driven by refills. High global demand 
for liquified natural gas has led to strong sales of our natural gas purification catalysts. 
Sustainable solutions
Sustainable solutions includes our new growth markets with our technology in low carbon 
hydrogen, sustainable fuels and low carbon solutions. In the period to May 2023, we won five 
large scale projects across low carbon hydrogen and sustainable fuels:
• H2H Saltend, expected to be one of the UK’s largest low carbon hydrogen projects
• A large scale low carbon hydrogen licence in North America
• A sustainable fuels project with Strategic Biofuels, also in North America
• A commercial scale sustainable fuels project in North America
• A commercial scale sustainable fuels project in Europe
In addition, we won a low carbon solutions licence in the year which will enable the 
decarbonisation of one of our customer’s existing assets.
Underlying operating profit
Underlying operating profit of £51 million was in line with the prior year and margins 
declined to 9.1%. However, we saw good improvement in operating margin from the first 
to the second half of the year (1H: 7.6% and 2H: 10.5%). Higher pricing, licensing and the 
benefits of our transformation programme offset significant cost inflation and the loss 
of catalyst sales and higher margin licensing income in Russia (c. £10 million loss of profit). 
Hydrogen Technologies
Sales more than doubled and continued investment to scale the business
• Agreed strategic partnerships with Plug Power and Hystar
• Sales more than doubled driven by higher volumes for new and existing customers in fuel 
cells, growth in electrolysers and increased manufacturing output as we focused 
on improving operational performance
• Underlying operating loss reflects continued investment to scale the business to meet 
demand partly offset by higher volumes
Year ended 31st March
% change
% change, 
constant FX 
rates
2023
£ million
2022 
£ million
Sales
Hydrogen Technologies 55 25 +120 +112
Underlying operating loss (45) (33) n/a n/a
Underlying margin n/a n/a
Reported operating loss (46) (33)
In Hydrogen Technologies, we provide catalyst coated membranes that are critical 
performance defining components of fuel cells and electrolysers.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202358
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Financial performance review continued
In Hydrogen Technologies, sales in the year more than doubled to £55 million. This was 
primarily driven by growth in fuel cells where we delivered higher commercial volumes 
for new and existing customers, enabled by improved operational performance. We continue 
to focus our fuel cell business towards strategic customers to develop deeper and longer 
relationships. This trend will continue given the recent strategic partnership announcements, 
for example with Plug Power which entails a long-term supply agreement, joint development 
agreement and co-investment into new manufacturing capacity. In electrolysers, we 
saw higher sales from the supply of samples, prototypes and components as we develop 
strategic partners. 
In the year, we saw higher manufacturing output as we focused on operational performance 
to improve our processes and drive efficiency. Sales also benefited as constraints eased 
following the greater use of capacity in the prior period to qualify new customer products.
Underlying operating loss
Underlying operating loss of £45 million primarily reflects increased investment into product 
development and building capability as we scale the business to meet customer demand, 
partly offset by higher volumes.
Value Businesses
Comparable performance materially improved
• Market recovery and structural improvements driving improved performance
• Completed the sale of Piezo Products, part of Medical Device Components, and agreed the 
sale of Diagnostic Services with completion expected in the third quarter of calendar 2023
Year ended 31st March
% change
% change, 
constant FX 
rates
2023
£ million
2022 
£ million
Sales
Value Businesses¹ 470 354 +33 +28
Underlying operating profit² 40 12 n/a n/a
Underlying margin 8.5% 3.4%
Reported operating profit / (loss) 38 (276)
Value Businesses is managed to drive shareholder value from activities considered to be 
non-core to JM, and now principally comprises Battery Systems, Medical Device Components 
and Diagnostic Services. In the year, we completed the sale of Piezo Products, part of Medical 
Device Components, and we have also agreed the sale of Diagnostic Services and Battery 
Materials. In 2021/22, we completed the sale of Advanced Glass Technologies. 
Overall, sales in Value Businesses were up 28% in the year. On a like for like basis 
(i.e. excluding Advanced Glass Technologies and Battery Materials), sales were up 55%. 
In Battery Systems, sales almost doubled. We ramped up production of higher value next 
generation e-bike products and satisfied a backlog of orders as supply chain constraints eased. 
Medical Device Components also saw strong sales growth as we gained market share 
following recent project wins, and benefited from higher effective production capacity 
following investments to upgrade assets and drive efficiency. Diagnostic Services also grew 
strongly reflecting a continued recovery in demand as COVID-related travel disruption eased 
and a stronger commercial focus, supported by a higher oil price which drove increased 
customer activity.
Underlying operating profit
Underlying operating profit of £40 million, an improvement of £28 million on the prior year, 
reflecting both a supportive market environment and the execution of comprehensive value 
creation plans that each business is driving forward. 
Excluding the results of Advanced Glass Technologies and Battery Materials, underlying 
operating profit was £38 million², an improvement of £20 million. 
Corporate
Corporate costs were £68 million, a decrease of £18 million from the prior period, largely 
reflecting transformation benefits as well as a one-off benefit from lower pension charges. 
Notes:
1. Sales relating to divestments: Advanced Glass Technologies (2021/22: £62 million, 2022/23: £nil) and Battery Materials (2021/22: £12 million, 2022/23: £21 million)
2. Operating profit or loss related to divestments: Advanced Glass Technologies (2021/22: £16 million, 2022/23: -£1 million) and Battery Materials (2021/22: -£22 million, 2022/23: £3 million)
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 59
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Financial performance review continued
Financial review – continuing operations
Research and development (R&D)
R&D spend was £213 million in the year. This was up from £201 million in the prior year and 
represents c. 5% of sales excluding precious metals. We are investing in our growth areas, 
including Catalyst Technologies and also Hydrogen Technologies as we continue to 
commercialise our fuel cell and electrolyser offerings. In addition, we are also investing 
in our Clean Air business to support future platform wins ahead of new emission regulations. 
Foreign exchange 
The calculation of growth at constant rates excludes the impact of foreign exchange 
movements arising from the translation of overseas subsidiaries’ profit into sterling. 
The group does not hedge the impact of translation effects on the income statement. 
The principal overseas currencies, which represented 79% of the non-sterling denominated 
underlying operating profit in the year ended 31st March 2023, were:
Share of 2022/23 
non-sterling denominated 
underlying operating profit
Average exchange rate
Year ended 31st March
% change2023 2022
US dollar 34% 1.20 1.36 -12%
Euro 37% 1.16 1.18 -2%
Chinese renminbi 8% 8.26 8.75 -6%
For the year, the impact of exchange rates increased sales by £193 million and underlying 
operating profit by £38 million. 
If current exchange rates (£:US$ 1.25, £:€ 1.14, £:RMB 8.70) are maintained throughout 
the year ending 31st March 2024, foreign currency translation will have an adverse impact 
of c. £10 million on underlying operating profit. A one cent change in the average US dollar 
and euro exchange rates have an impact of approximately £2 million on operating profit 
whilst a ten fen change in the average rate of the Chinese renminbi approximately has 
a £1 million impact on full year underlying operating profit.
Efficiency savings
We have commenced our new group transformation programme as part of which we expect 
to deliver efficiencies of at least £150 million by 2024/25. Associated costs to deliver the 
programme are around £100 million, all of which are cash. In 2022/23, we delivered 
c. £45 million of savings, ahead of our target of c. £35 million.
£ million
Efficiency 
savings 
delivered in  
2022/23
Associated 
costs incurred 
in  
2022/23
Transformation programme 45 20
Items outside underlying operating profit 
Non-underlying (charge) / income
(£ million)
As at  
31st March 
2023
As at  
31st March 
2022
Profit on disposal of businesses 12 106
Major impairment and restructuring charges (41) (440)
Amortisation of acquired intangibles (5) (6)
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings (25) 42
Total (59) (298)
A gain of £12 million was recognised relating to the sale of our Battery Materials Canada and 
Piezo Product businesses.
There was a £41 million charge relating to major impairment and restructuring charges 
comprised of a net impairment charge of £10 million and restructuring charges of 
£31 million. The impairment charge includes impact from further consolidation of our Clean 
Air manufacturing footprint to create a simplified and agile structure, as well as an 
impairment of goodwill in Diagnostic Services and further impairment charges in relation to 
parts of the Battery Materials business. Restructuring charges were also recognised in relation 
to our Clean Air manufacturing footprint as well as the transformation initiatives announced 
in May 2022 which largely comprise redundancy and implementation costs.
The group paid £25 million in respect of a settlement with a customer on mutually acceptable 
terms with no admission of fault relating to failures in certain engine systems for which the 
group supplied a particular coated substrate as a component for that customer’s emissions 
after-treatment systems.
Finance charges
Net finance charges in the period amounted to £61 million, broadly in line with the prior year 
charge of £60 million.
Taxation 
The tax charge on underlying profit before tax for the year ended 31st March 2023 
was £78 million, an effective underlying tax rate of 19.3%, up from 17.4% in 2021/22. 
This largely reflects the settlement of provisions for uncertain tax positions in the prior year.
The effective tax rate on reported profit for the year ended 31st March 2023 was 23.2%. 
This represents a tax charge of £73 million, compared with £57 million in the prior period.
We currently expect the effective tax rate on underlying profit for the year ending 31st March 
2024 to be around 20% reflecting the increase to the UK corporate tax rate.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202360
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Financial performance review continued
Post-employment benefits
IFRS – accounting basis
At 31st March 2023, the group’s net post-employment benefit position, was a surplus 
of £165 million.
The cost of providing post-employment benefits in the year was £40 million, down from  
£62 million last year. 
Capital expenditure
Capital expenditure was £303 million in the year, 1.6 times depreciation and amortisation 
(excluding amortisation of acquired intangibles). In the period, key projects included:
• Hydrogen Technologies – investing to increase manufacturing capacity in the UK
• PGM Services – investing in the resilience, efficiency and long-term sustainability of our 
refinery assets, and also our fuel cells capacity expansion
Strong balance sheet
Net debt as at 31st March 2023 was £1,023 million, an increase from £856 million at  
31st March 2022 and £963 million at 30th September 2022. Net debt is £19 million higher 
at £1,042 million when post tax pension deficits are included. The group’s net debt 
(including post tax pension deficits) to EBITDA was 1.6 times (31st March 2022: 1.2 times,  
30th September 2022: 1.5 times), which was at the lower end of our target range of 1.5 
to 2.0 times.
We use short-term metal leases as part of our mix of funding for working capital, which 
are outside the scope of IFRS 16 as they qualify as short-term leases. Precious metal leases 
amounted to £138 million as at 31st March 2023 (31st March 2022: £140 million,  
30th September 2022: £129 million). 
Free cash flow and working capital
Free cash flow was £74 million in the year, compared to £221 million in the prior period, 
largely reflecting lower underlying operating profit and working capital movements.
Excluding precious metal, average working capital days to 31st March 2023 increased 
to 42 days compared to 36 days to 31st March 2022.
Outlook for the year ending 31st March 2024
For 2023/24, we expect at least mid-single digit growth in operating performance at constant 
precious metal prices and constant currency. This is underpinned by efficiency benefits of 
c. £55 million in the year.
In Clean Air, we expect strong growth in operating performance. Whilst external data suggest 
limited growth in vehicle production for 2023/24, margin expansion should mainly be driven 
by efficiency benefits. PGM Services’ performance will be largely driven by precious metal 
prices, with recycling volumes expected to be subdued. We expect strong growth in operating 
performance for Catalyst Technologies. This reflects an improvement in licensing income 
and a significant uplift in margins, benefiting from pricing and efficiencies. We expect sales 
to grow strongly in Hydrogen Technologies and we will continue to invest for growth resulting 
in an operating loss at a similar level to 2022/23.1
Precious metal prices have been volatile and consequently it is difficult to predict how they 
may develop. To illustrate the impact they may have on our results, assuming prices remain 
at their current level2 for the remainder of 2023/24 there would be an adverse impact 
of c. £50 million3 on full year operating performance compared with the prior year. We are 
focused on mitigating the potential impact on our performance.
At current foreign exchange rates4, translational foreign exchange movements for the year 
ending 31st March 2024 are expected to adversely impact underlying operating profit by 
c. £10 million.
Dividend
The board will propose a final ordinary dividend for the year of 55.0 pence per share at the 
Annual General Meeting (AGM) on 20th July 2023. Together with the interim dividend of 
22.0 pence per share, this gives a total ordinary dividend of 77.0 pence per share, maintained 
at the same level as the prior year. Subject to approval by shareholders, the final dividend will 
be paid on 1st August 2023, with an ex-dividend date of 8th June 2023.
Contingent liabilities
See note 32 of the financial statements on page 206.
1. Outlook commentary for Clean Air, PGM Services, Catalyst Technologies and Hydrogen Technologies assumes constant precious metal prices and constant currency
2. Based on average precious metal prices in May 2023 (month to date)
3. c. £50 million adverse impact represents a gross PGM price impact before any foreign exchange movement. A US$100 per troy ounce change in the average annual platinum, palladium and rhodium metal prices each have an impact of approximately £1 million, £1.5 million and 
£0.75 million respectively on full year underlying operating profit. This assumes no foreign exchange movement
4. At average foreign exchange rates for May 2023 month to date (£:US$ 1.25, £:€ 1.14, £:RMB 8.70) translational foreign exchange movements for the year ending 31st March 2024 are expected to adversely impact underlying operating profit by c. £10 million
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 61
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Financial performance review continued
Risk report
Risk management is important for JM as it enables 
protection, facilitates value-added insights, helps identify 
competitive opportunities and supports the growth 
afforded by the net zero transition. During the  
year we have refined our principal risks to provide  
further clarity and reflect progress made so far.
Managing risks effectively
Our ability to effectively manage the risks that we encounter is an enabler of our strategic 
performance and owning what we do. Risk management is an essential component of our 
governance and operations throughout the organisation. We continue to invest in awareness 
initiatives and the training of our employees to stay ahead of various threats. We manage 
our risks, procedures and controls with the aid of JMProtect, a comprehensive governance, 
risk, and compliance (GRC) platform.
‘Perma-crisis’ is one of the characteristics that is used to describe the world around us, and 
it is within this environment that risk management helps JM navigate delivery of strategy. 
The ongoing war in Ukraine, energy supply instability, cyber-attacks and inflationary pressures 
all impact us or our customers. Our ability to be prepared has been tested, and we responded 
through taskforces and solutions to mitigate some of the impacts, or with additional efforts 
to test our resilience and continuity plans.
Climate-related risks and opportunities
We continue to support the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) and disclose how effectively we are managing climate-related risks and 
opportunities. Further details are included on page 48.
Risk management framework
Group 
Assurance 
function
Challenges and helps the 
Board, Audit Committee, 
the Group Leadership 
Team (GLT), businesses 
and functions to consider 
the range and materiality 
of risks identified
Monitors how well 
mitigating actions or 
projects are implemented, 
and how effectively they 
reduce risk to ensure 
alignment with our 
risk appetite
Com
m
ittee
Audit 
Businesses Sites / functional areas /
programmes / projects
GLT
Board
Top down
Bottom up
Board 
• Sponsors our approach to risk management and internal controls
• Sets the tone for risk management culture
• Approves risk management policies and processes
Audit Committee 
• Reviews the effectiveness of our risk management framework and internal controls
GLT 
• Regularly carries out top-down 
reviews of risk
• Develops strategy in line with our 
risk appetite
• Manages our definitions of risks 
and mitigation plans
• Monitors whether risks are within 
our risk appetite
Businesses 
• Regularly carries out bottom-up reviews of operational activities
• Ensures sites and functions have risk registers in place
• Reports to the GLT about business risk and issues
Sites / functional areas / programmes / projects
• Reports key risks to businesses
• Regularly carries out reviews as to how controls are implemented and 
their effectiveness
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202362
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Risk management framework
Our risk management methodology identifies and considers principal risks, including severe yet 
plausible scenarios. Its purpose is to reassure stakeholders that we have fully considered and 
understand a broad range of risks and are managing them in line with defined risk appetites.
The Board, which is ultimately accountable for risk management and internal controls, 
evaluates how effective these systems are at mitigating principal and emerging risks at least 
once every year. The GLT provides support for the Board’s reviews, which ensures the risks 
we’ve identified are relevant to our current aims and strategic goals. The Audit Committee 
supports the Board in assessing the effectiveness of our risk management and internal control 
systems, processes and policies.
Our risk management methodology takes a top-down approach to identify our principal risks 
(i.e. from board level down) and a bottom-up approach to identify operational risks (i.e. from 
day-to-day level up). We’re constantly looking to improve how connected and aligned these 
approaches are as they operate in parallel.
How we manage risk
We apply the three-lines-of-defence methodology. The first line represents business 
operations, or the individuals who, employing effective internal controls, own and manage 
risk daily. Governance and compliance, the second line, are represented by the functions and 
businesses of the group that oversee and monitor these operations. The third line refers to the 
independent assurance that our Group Assurance function provides over these activities.
Functions, businesses and site teams are responsible for identifying, assessing and prioritising 
their risks. They also consider how likely it is that a risk will materialise and what effect that 
would have on our objectives. This includes reviewing whether a risk has changed, how strong 
the controls we use to manage the risk are and whether mitigating actions are in place. 
We use a self-assessment and management attestation processes to report, at least once 
a year, on whether the relevant controls are effective. This is a maturing process with several 
initiatives in progress to improve our controls environment.
In the past 12 months, we have continued to improve how we address and monitor risks 
in a number of ways, including:
• Making continued enhancements to our GRC platform, JMProtect, which offers a combined 
and centralised view of our risk universe and controls framework
• Incorporating JMProtect risk data into our audit planning process to make sure the highest 
risk areas of the business are prioritised for assurance activities
• Introducing an Integrated Assurance model that aligns second- and third-line assurance 
activities for easier collaboration and more effective risk-based assurance.
We prioritise insurance cover for the most significant areas of risk across the Group, and areas 
where insurance is a legal or contractual requirement. If insurance is available on 
commercially reasonable terms, we also utilise it as a risk mitigation tool across our wider 
business. Where appropriate, we get advice from industry to help us assess risks and develop 
mitigation plans.
Emerging risks and opportunities
We continually monitor our external risk landscape using a mixture of key risk indicators, third 
party reports, findings from internal and external assurance providers, and feedback from both 
customers and suppliers. This information allows us to identify emerging risks and prepare 
reasonable mitigations. 
For any identified emerging risks, considered to be a threat to JM or its value chain, we tailor our 
response to the size of the risk to ensure our mitigation strategy is proportionate. For example, 
in 2022, we identified significant emerging risks in relation to geopolitical tensions, the 
macroeconomic downturn and energy availability. We have chosen to include geopolitical 
and macroeconomic events as a principal risk given our global presence and strategic plans 
in various geographies including China and USA. This will also ensure we incorporate lessons 
learned from ceasing operations in Russia.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 63
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Risk report continued
Principal Risks IncreasedNo change /
New
Alignment to our strategy: Focus Simplify Execute
Reduced
1
2
Failure to deliver 
business value from 
strategic capital 
projects
3
A low-performing 
culture undermines 
our strategy
5
A significant 
work-related EHS 
incident
7
Disruption to 
inbound goods or 
services provided
8
Security of metal and 
failure to manage 
metal commitments
9
Failure in one or 
more of JM’s critical 
operational assets
10
Strategic Operational
F S E
F S E
F S E F S E
Unsuccessful delivery 
of key business 
transformation 
programme(s)
6
F S E
F S E
Development of 
products that do not 
meet the future 
needs of customers
4
F S E
F S E
Business failure 
through cyber-attack 
or other IT incidents
11
F S E F S E
F S E F S E
A significant geopolitical 
or macroeconomic 
event impacting JM’s 
operations
Significant shift in 
demand and / or 
commoditisation of 
sustainable technology
Principal risks and uncertainties
In the following section, we have outlined our principal risks and how we manage them. 
We regularly review our risk landscape to best determine our principal risks and key 
mitigating actions, while also assigning appropriate GLT sponsors to help us overcome our 
biggest challenges and continue to meet our strategic ambitions. Our GLT sponsors evaluate 
changes to their risks to better understand our exposure. When necessary, they order these 
risks by importance and create targeted mitigation strategies.
Over the last year, we have continued to update our principal risks, clarifying associated 
opportunities and priority actions:
• Three risks have been removed as principal risks – ‘Intellectual Property’ (IP), ‘Ethics and 
Compliance’ and ‘Customer Contract Liability’. We consider the controls put in place over 
the past year to be effectively mitigating the risks
• We have introduced two new principal risks: ‘A significant geopolitical or macroeconomic 
event impacting JM’s operations’ and ‘Failure to deliver business value from strategic 
capital projects’.
The principal risks we face are listed alongside the measures we’ve taken to reduce them on 
the following pages. These risks could materially harm our company’s operations, either alone 
or in combination. 
Each of our strategic principal risks, if handled effectively, carries a significant opportunity 
to deliver above stakeholder expectations. Some of these opportunities have been identified 
in the table in the following section.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202364
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Risk report continued
Strategic risks and opportunities
To execute our strategy, we must be mindful of the risks that may undermine us, while ensuring we capture most of the opportunity they present.
1 Significant shift in demand and / or commoditisation of sustainable technology GLT sponsor: Liam Condon
Risk Opportunity Key mitigations Updates made to principal risk 
JM’s strategy is focused on our ability to develop solutions 
for sustainable chemicals, fuels and energy and catalysing 
the net zero transition for our customers, pivoting away 
from fossil fuel-based industries.
JM faces two main risks as part of the global transition to 
a low-carbon economy:
• Risk that we fail to correctly anticipate climate-related 
shifts in demand for our products (e.g. driven by 
regulation, customer needs, societal expectations), as 
well as the pace of commoditisation. These shifts could 
impact both our existing products (e.g. in Clean Air) and 
products which are expected to drive JM’s future growth 
(e.g. in Hydrogen Technologies); there is a risk that 
these shifts could be slower or faster than anticipated
• Risk that we fail to make the right decisions in response 
to these shifts, mostly in terms of capital allocation 
(e.g. R&D, capital expenditure).
If we correctly anticipate future 
market shifts and respond adequately, 
we can create value from the 
transition to the low-carbon economy 
through increased revenues 
and profits.
Through our products and services we 
have an opportunity to affect climate 
change, nature and society.
• We continue to monitor the changing market 
environment (e.g. technology choices, pace 
of commoditisation) and our customers’ 
requirements. Using this information and our 
scenario-based approach, we can update our 
strategic plans and actions where needed
• We keep investing in innovation to make sure 
we have products that differentiate us in all our 
markets, meeting our customers’ specific needs 
when required
• For our maturing businesses, we have a plan 
to reduce our cost base to improve efficiency and 
cash flow
• For our growth businesses, we plan to invest in our 
production assets and are working to mitigate the 
risks associated with this (principal risk 3)
Formerly ‘Strategic growth: business transition 
to low-carbon economy’. 
Risk re-titled to reflect the risk that we may not 
have a viable business model in the face of 
rapidly commoditising sustainable technologies, 
posing a risk to some legacy products and 
services that are designed for a declining market.
Risk reduced due to the achievements of some 
strategic objectives, e.g. partnership with 
Plug Power.
We have continued our investment in growth 
platforms – particularly in Hydrogen 
Technologies and Catalyst Technologies.
2 A significant geopolitical or macroeconomic event impacting JM’s operations GLT sponsor: Christian Günther
Risk Opportunity Key mitigations Updates made to principal risk 
Due to the nature of JM’s global footprint, there is a risk that 
we may face disruption in our operations, supply chain and 
/ or customer markets due to geopolitical events. This 
includes conflict, trade disputes, sanctions, pandemics, 
macroeconomic events or financial crises in specific 
countries or regions where we operate, or where parts 
of our supply chains are located.
A properly mitigated risk may provide 
some level of competitive advantage, 
even in the event the risk fails to 
become an issue – e.g. security of 
supply for our customers, local 
content and participation benefits.
• Ongoing identification, monitoring, assessment 
of and mitigation of key geopolitical risks
• Our strategic planning considers various aspects of 
this risk when making future investment decisions
• We set up taskforces to deal with specific risks when 
we identify them as a material risk
New principal risk promoted in response 
to heightened geopolitical tensions.
We completed a review of the countries key 
to our operations and / or value chains with 
respect to their geopolitical and macroeconomic 
landscape, making adjustments to our strategy 
where necessary.
3 Failure to deliver business value from strategic capital projects GLT sponsor: Maurits van Tol
Risk Opportunity Key mitigations Updates made to principal risk 
The success of our strategy, especially in growth areas, 
depends on our ability to effectively prioritise and deliver 
our strategic capital investment pipeline. There is a risk that 
we will be unable to meet production capacity 
expectations, breach budgeted costs or lose our competitive 
position in markets.
Robust portfolio planning, 
management and governance, 
combined with enhanced competence 
in capital project delivery, will provide 
us with the platform we need to meet 
the growth ambitions of our growing 
businesses and deliver on our 
wider strategy.
Delivering high-priority projects on 
time, within budget and to 
benchmarked costs will enable JM 
to grow further and faster.
• Continuously strengthening our central engineering 
and project organisation and eliminating functional 
competency gaps
• Enhanced portfolio management and project 
frameworks, with business-wide compliance as key 
value driver and a foundation of governance
• Transformed role and confirmed accountability 
of sponsors for project value
• Established project teams with all key functions 
represented
New principal risk added due to the high capital 
investment being made, especially in high-
growth areas such as Hydrogen Technologies.
A transformation programme for Engineering 
and Capital Projects has now been defined and 
incorporated into our operating model.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 65
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Risk report continued
4 Development of products that do not meet the future needs of customers GLT sponsor: Maurits van Tol and Anish Taneja
Risk Opportunity Key mitigations Updates made to principal risk 
There is a risk that we are unable to develop products that 
are competitive enough to meet our market ambitions and 
the needs of customers. This includes our ability to identify 
and understand customer expectations, translating this into 
effective R&D and developing our technologies into an 
industrial production scale.
A strong product portfolio, effectively 
designed in line with our customers’ 
future needs, will enable us to win 
in our chosen markets for the years 
to come.
Effective product development will 
continue to improve our brand and 
enable us to win in new markets as 
they are identified.
• We aim to maintain strong customer and partner 
relationships, involving them in the development 
process
• We leverage New Product Introduction (NPI) 
and people processes from our mature businesses 
to build capability in our growth businesses
• We continue to strongly invest in our R&D 
capabilities
• OneJM strategy ensures a cross-business strategic 
approach to markets
Formerly ‘Maintaining competitive advantage 
of our products and operations’.
Improved business systems and processes 
to enhance planning effectiveness
Simplification of product development 
workstreams to improve focus
Introduction of Group Commercial Council to 
better understand customer needs and develop 
the JM value proposition
5 A low-performing culture undermines our strategy GLT sponsor: Annette Kelleher
Risk Opportunity Key mitigations Updates made to principal risk 
A low-performing culture characterised by an insufficiently 
engaged and inclusive workforce, lacking commitment to 
taking accountability, keeping it simple and driving results 
could impact on our ability to attract and retain key talent, 
and therefore successfully execute our strategy.
A high-performance culture is 
essential to executing our strategy, 
delivering growth and being more 
efficient. High-quality leaders can 
build diverse, inclusive and engaged 
teams in which everyone can deliver 
better results.
• We have implemented an ongoing campaign 
across JM to create a clear understanding of our 
people leadership expectations and their 
importance in delivering our play to win strategy
• We have put in place a global digital platform – 
Workday – to underpin standard HR processes and 
to provide meaningful insights into our business
• We have relaunched our global employee 
engagement survey, utilising Workday Peakon 
technology, helping to ensure that everyone in our 
company can share their views
• We regularly review how we work across the 
business to find ways of working more simply and 
efficiently
Formerly ‘People, culture and leadership’.
Risk increased due to high levels of 
organisational change.
Our new HR platform enables better talent 
development and engagement.
We are improving our talent management 
processes – particularly our approach to diversity 
and inclusion – so that we’re creating the right 
environment and capabilities to deliver the next 
phase of our strategy.
During 2023/24 we will be implementing a new 
approach to performance management.
We continue to prioritise our people’s health, 
safety and wellbeing.
6 Unsuccessful delivery of key business transformation programme GLT sponsor: Christian Günther
Risk Opportunity Key mitigations Updates made to principal risk 
JM’s transformation is scoped to implement the strategy 
ofcatalysing the net zero transition for our customers 
in automotive, chemicals and energy. There are currently 
more than 30 programmes, across group functions and the 
four core businesses, driving business growth, people 
growth and efficiency.
Failure to successfully deliver these programmes may delay 
the expected benefits, disrupt services to customers or 
trigger a loss of key talent. 
Together the transformation 
programmes will address capability 
gaps and poor competitiveness in key 
markets. Through the transformation, 
JM will develop and strengthen its 
capability for ongoing continuous 
improvement, delivery of complex 
projects and agility to respond 
to future external trends.
• We have established a robust framework for the 
planning and delivery of transformational change 
projects, including stage gates to structure key 
decisions
• The JM-wide transformation office provides 
specialist support to programme teams, tracks 
progress and ensures effective oversight by senior 
leadership
• Third-line assurance is provided by JM’s Group 
Assurance function, with a focus on the most 
critical and sensitive programmes
Formerly ‘Business Transformation’.
The overall rating of this risk has not changed.  
Over the past 12 months we have established 
stronger programme and change management 
capability. This will allow us to expand the scope 
of changes and accelerate delivery.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202366
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Risk report continued
Operational risks
Our day-to-day operations carry a level of risk that must be managed effectively to ensure that we are able to keep our people safe and meet our strategic goals.
7 A significant work-related EHS incident GLT sponsor: Mark Wilson
Risk Key mitigations Updates made to principal risk 
If we fail to operate safely, we could injure people, incur significant 
financial loss or breach applicable laws, which could have a negative 
effect on our people, the environment or our reputation. This could also 
mean we lose production time and attract negative interest from the 
media and regulators, which could lead to fines and penalties.
Like other high-hazard manufacturing companies, our business 
is controlled by a wide range of challenging health, safety and 
environmental laws, standards and regulations, which are set 
by governments and regulatory agencies around the world.
• We have a strong health and safety culture across the 
business. This is based on clear policies, guidelines and 
standards, continual training and awareness activities 
and audits
• We regularly review process safety hazards at relevant 
sites by carrying out deep-dive safety audits
• We thoroughly investigate incidents or accidents to 
identify their root cause and then develop plans to 
remediate the problem
• We monitor our environmental risk, report on 
environmental data associated with our sites and always 
look for opportunities to improve
• We regularly review our regulatory and reputational risks 
and put mitigation plans in place where we need to
Formerly ‘Environment, health and safety (EHS)‘.
Overall, JM’s EHS risk is considered to have reduced due to:
• Several actions from high-priority Process Hazard Reviews (PHRs) 
and process safety audits have been completed
• Over 98% of actions from maximum credible event assessments 
completed
• Ongoing asset replacement programmes
• Training of over 90% of operational staff in process safety has been 
completed
• Divestment of the Health business, which had all its sites classified 
as high process safety risk sites 
Nevertheless, we continue to review any emerging EHS risks (especially 
process safety) across all our businesses, which we are fully evaluating 
and mitigating.
8 Disruption to inbound goods or services provided GLT sponsor: Anish Taneja 
Risk Key mitigations Updates made to principal risk 
Given the types of products and services we provide, there are only a few 
suppliers that are approved to source certain important raw materials. If 
there was a significant breakdown in our multi-tiered supply chains, how 
we supply to customers’ demand would be affected or disrupted.
• We continually review our relationships with our 
strategic and high-impact suppliers
• We are well connected in the market to anticipate 
disruption and engage our businesses in proactive 
scenario planning
• We carry strategic stocks of raw materials, including 
PGMs, and regularly monitor those stock levels against 
demand forecasts
• We regularly investigate alternative materials to use, 
as part of our research and development work
• We complete due diligence when selecting our suppliers 
to ensure they meet our expectations and all regulations 
with regard to ethics and sustainability
• When designing our supply base, we consider agility 
to ensure we are able to overcome geopolitical risks 
– e.g. through local sourcing
  Formerly ‘Supply Failure’.
Risk increased, reflective of the challenging macro environment, 
including potential supply issues due to second-tier supplier failure, 
energy shortages and pricing fluctuations.
Following our refreshed JM strategy, we have better defined JM’s 
procurement priorities for each of the businesses. Each business has 
varying priorities. There are overarching common themes such as supply 
resilience, where we want to aim for ‘resilience by design’ and prevent 
bottlenecks, by building out our supply ecosystem.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 67
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Risk report continued
9 Security of metal and failure to manage metal commitments GLT sponsor: Alastair Judge
Risk Key mitigations Updates made to principal risk 
JM uses significant quantities of high-value precious metals, which are 
transported, stored and processed across our operations. We do not carry 
significant exposure to price risk as we hedge all our metal transactions 
centrally looking at overall group supply and demand. 
Our PMM business ensures the group has sufficient metal to meet 
business demands and manages our metal liquidity levels. There is a risk 
that we do not have sufficient metal available. Therefore, we operate 
within tight trading limits and defined liquidity levels to manage the 
demand volatility. Metal price volatility affects how much our Trading 
business earns. The precious metal industry globally is susceptible to 
criminal activity resulting in the risk of theft, and we share those 
challenges. Loss or theft due to a failure of the security management 
systems associated with the protection of metal may result in financial 
loss and / or a failure to satisfy our customers which could reduce our 
customers’ confidence in JM and potential legal action. Failure to mitigate 
this risk can have a significant impact on our working capital, financial 
viability and/or undermine our ability to meet our customer 
commitments.
• Long-term strategic planning around metal 
requirements of the group is undertaken to ensure 
appropriate positioning for the future
• We run a strong operational control environment within 
our metal trading business
• We hedge the majority of our metal transactions 
centrally through looking at the overall group supply 
and demand, minimising our exposure to metal price 
volatility
• We maintain a robust security management system 
to protect our metal holdings
• We have appropriate insurance cover in place
Formerly ‘Managing our metal commitments’. 
Due to increased crime within the global precious metal industry, the 
overall rating of the risk is increasing.
We have continued to strengthen physical security and the operational 
environment to ensure we have a proportionate control structure 
to manage and optimise our metal holdings.
Furthermore, we have launched a metal finance academy to continue 
strengthening appreciation and understanding of our metal risks across 
the group.
10 Failure in one or more of JM’s critical operational assets GLT sponsor: Alastair Judge
Risk Key mitigations Updates made to principal risk 
A critical asset failure may have a material effect on our supply chains, 
performance, share value and reputation.
Our work on the effects of climate change means we understand that 
more frequent extreme weather events and natural disasters may disrupt 
our operations and increase our costs. 
• We continue to monitor and prioritise critical spare parts 
and capital expenditure for any ageing assets and 
infrastructure
• The multi-year capital investment programme across 
PGM Services continues to progress with focus on asset 
renewal and replacement
• We continue to implement robust mitigation's at our 
sites, including business impact assessments, business 
continuity management plans, asset management 
programmes and rigorous support systems for our 
operational technology
• Group Assurance function reviews business continuity 
planning (BCP) as part of the Site Extended Audits
  Formerly ‘Asset failure’.
We assess this risk based on the high level of exposure faced by our PGMs 
business. The nature of this business means it would suffer the greatest 
potential effect of a critical asset failure.
A climate resilience site assessment has been completed at one of our 
sites. The report is being reviewed and action plans are being formulated 
to address the recommendations and the requirements of future  
site assessments.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202368
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Risk report continued
11 Business failure through cyber-attack or other IT incidents GLT sponsor: Stephen Oxley
Risk Key mitigations Updates made to principal risk 
A failure to adapt our Information Technology to changing business 
requirements, the occurrence of significant disruption to our systems or 
a major cyber security incident may adversely affect our financial position, 
harm our reputation and could lead to regulatory penalties or non-
compliance with laws.
• We continue to refresh and standardise our core systems 
and applications on an ongoing basis to reduce reliance 
on legacy systems
• We are delivering a programme of work to identify and 
reduce risk in operational technology
• We provide regular cyber security training for employees 
to raise awareness of cyber risks
  We continue to adapt and respond to the increasingly complex and 
heightened external threat landscape by enhancing cyber-security 
technologies and processes to improve our ability to Predict, Prevent, 
Detect, Respond and Recover to cyber risks, aligned to industry standards.
Dedicated IT projects have supported our divestment activities, helping 
us to balance the value of the sale against transitional risks, including 
the integrity and availability of data.
Managing Intellectual 
Property
In 2022/23 we removed ‘Intellectual 
Property’ as a principal risk. This was due to 
the implementation of mitigating actions 
that reduced our risk exposure to a level the 
GLT assessed to be satisfactory. Implemented 
mitigating actions included:
Robust process for  
product introduction that 
ensures we capture our 
own IP with  
the appropriate  
‘freedom to operate’
Launch of standardised  
IP awareness e-learning 
programmes across JM  
for all employees and  
new starters
Improvement of our  
trade secret management 
process, allowing us  
to monitor and protect  
our trade secrets  
across the globe
As a result, our IP risks are now 
managed on a ‘business as usual’ basis 
and will only be escalated back to the 
GLT if there is a material increase in our 
risk exposure. This allows our senior 
leaders to focus their resources on the 
highest priority risks to JM.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 69
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Risk report continued
Going concern
In adopting the going concern basis for preparing the accounts, the directors have considered 
the business activities as set out in the Strategic report and Financial review, pages 1 to 72, 
as well as the group’s principal risks and uncertainties, pages 62 to 69. As part of this 
assessment, we have considered a base case and severe but plausible trading scenario. 
Both scenarios showed sufficient headroom under our committed facilities and financial 
covenants. The directors therefore believe that the group has adequate resources to fund 
its operations for the period of 12 months following the date of this announcement, making 
it appropriate to prepare the accounts on a going concern basis. Further details on going 
concern, viability and facilities can be found in Note 1 on page 150 respectively of the 
accounts.
Viability
We have assessed how viable we are as a business over a three-year period, in line with our 
annual planning horizon. During the year, the Board carried out a robust assessment of the 
principal and emerging risks affecting our business, particularly those that could threaten 
our business model. The risks, and the actions taken to mitigate them, are described in the 
Risk report on pages 62-69.
We assess our prospects through our annual strategic and business planning process. 
This process includes a review of assumptions made including market, vehicle and production 
outlooks, customer demand, underlying growth / cost assumptions, metal prices, key risks 
and opportunities as well as an appraisal of our strategy and significant capital investment 
decisions. The Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer lead these reviews, 
along with the Chief Executives of each business.
The Board also reviews each sector’s strategy throughout the year, looking at our current 
position and prospects for the coming years. This allows us to reaffirm our overall strategy 
and reassess the risks that could impact its success.
We do not expect climate change risks to have a material near-term effect on our  
forward-looking forecasts for going concern or viability. See scenarios opposite for more  
details of our analysis.
Analysis through four stress scenarios
In making the viability assessment, we have analysed each of the principal risks facing the 
group – as described in the Risk report on pages 64 to 69 – and identified the items within 
each principal risk category that might significantly affect cash flow and viability. We have 
then modelled these in four stress scenarios.
Scenario 1 – Maintaining competitive advantage of our products 
and operations
This scenario considers the failure to maintain our competitive advantage in existing markets, 
mostly because of poor execution of key initiatives or operations. It includes the effect of  
a six- month delay to key capital projects, delays to deliver the transformation savings and 
a temporary one-month shutdown of a refinery, which leads to higher working capital 
and lower profits.
Scenario 2 – Geopolitical risks impacting JM’s operations
This scenario considers the increased risk presented by geopolitical risks, such as a one-year 
slowdown in our operations in China, and increased inflation across the period.
Scenario 3 – Disruption to the platinum group metals value chain
This scenario considers the failure to source sufficient metal to manage and satisfy our 
internal and external obligations. We modelled a shortage in the supply of metal, an increase 
in individual metal prices to 12-month highs over the period April 2022 to March 2023 of our 
key metals, and an increase in our metal holdings.
Scenario 4 – Other risks
This scenario includes the effect of all our other principal risks – outlined in the Risk report 
on pages 64 to 69 where not already considered in the scenarios above. For each risk, 
we have estimated a financial effect, which considers the impact and likelihood of the risk. 
Given the wide range of risks we face, we have then applied an overall probability weighting 
of 20% which allows us to work out the potential financial impact. We have also included 
impacts of carbon pricing and a one-month temporary shutdown of a key site due to an 
extreme weather event.
Conclusion
In evaluating our viability under each of these scenarios, we considered our current financing 
arrangements, see page 150, and assumed we would not refinance any maturing debt – 
although, in reality, we would expect to refinance our debts well ahead of maturity thereby 
increasing headroom. Our stress testing shows that, under each of the scenarios described 
above, we have ample headroom under our committed facilities and financial covenants. 
As a final review, given the climate of greater political and economic certainty, we have also 
undertaken a reverse stress test to identify what additional or alternative scenarios and 
circumstances would threaten our financial covenants or headroom. This shows that we have 
headroom against either a further decline in profitability of more than 40% in the financial 
year to March 2024, well beyond the severe-but-plausible scenario, or a significant increase 
in borrowings (net debt would need to more than double in the financial year to March 
2024).  In this unlikely scenario, we still have other mitigating actions available, including 
reducing capital expenditure, renegotiating payment terms or reducing our dividend. Based 
on this assessment, the directors have a reasonable expectation that the company and group 
will be able to continue operating, and meet its liabilities as they fall due, making it 
appropriate to prepare the accounts on a going concern basis.
Going concern and viability
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202370
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Non-financial and sustainability information statement
The table below outlines how we meet the non-financial reporting requirements set out in the Companies Act 2006. Our business model is set out on pages 8 and 9. Our purpose described 
on page 4 and our sustainability strategy on pages 22 to 44 set out how we act as a responsible business. Our non-financial KPIs which support the delivery of our strategic priorities are shown 
on pages 3 and 12. We have a range of different policies and standards in place to manage our principal risks, pages 62 to 69, which form part of our internal control framework.  
A description of all matters relating to climate-related risks and opportunities, including the governance arrangements, scenario testing and metrics and targets, are included within the Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures on pages 45 to 52.
Reporting requirement Information necessary to understand our business,  
policies and due diligence activities and outcomes
Policies, guidance and standards which govern our approach.  
Some of which are only published internally
Environmental matters Our group policies that govern environmental matters support our commitment 
to sustainability and help keep our people and the communities we serve safe. 
Sustainability – see pages 22 - 44
Environment, Health and Safety Policy +
Procurement Policy
Supplier Code of Conduct
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures – see pages 45 - 54
Societal Value Committee report – see pages 88 - 89
Employees At Johnson Matthey, we want our employees to feel safe, promote a culture of 
inclusion and diversity, and build long-term fulfilling careers. Our HR, Ethics and 
Compliance and EHS polices help support this.
Our people – see pages 33 - 34
Health and safety – see pages 33 - 34
Employee engagement – see page 35
Gender pay gap report – see page 37
Diversity – see pages 37 - 38
Speak Up – see page 41
Code of Ethics
Employee Leave Policy
Diversity, Equality, Inclusion and Belonging Policy
Board Diversity Policy
Smart Working Policy
Substance Misuse Policy
Working Together Policy
Environment, Health and Safety Policy 
Speak Up Policy 
Human Rights We consider our entire value chain when looking at human rights, including 
our own operations, suppliers and customers. 
Suppliers – see page 39
Modern Slavery Statement – see page 39
Responsible sourcing – see pages 39 - 40
Ethical standards – see page 38 - 39
Speak Up – see page 41
Code of Ethics
Modern Slavery Statement
Data Protection Policy and Employee Privacy Notice
Procurement Policy
Supplier Code of Conduct
Human Rights Policy
Speak Up Policy
Social matters Our Code of Ethics helps our people do the right things and helps us put into 
practice the principles by which the group operates; it also provides a framework 
for responsible business practices. We ensure that our suppliers are also held 
to high standards and adhere to our Supplier Code of Conduct.  
Our stakeholders – see pages 44 and 84
Ethical standards – see pages 38 - 39
Engaging with our communities – see page 42
Sustainability – see page 33
Code of Ethics
Supplier Code of Conduct
Environmental, Health and Safety Policy 
Anti-bribery and 
corruption
Our global policies support the group with compliance with various laws relating 
to anti-bribery and corruption. We strive to act with openness, fairness and 
honesty and expect our stakeholders to do the same. 
Suppliers – see page 39
Our people – see pages 38 - 39
Ethical standards – see page 38
Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy
Code of Ethics
Gifts Hospitality and Charitable Donations Policy
Supplier Code of Conduct
Conflicts of Interest Policy
Global Tax Policy
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 71
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Section 172 statement
Our Section 172 statement comprises this section and pages 84 to 86 of the Governance report; it describes how the directors have had regard to stakeholders’ interests when discharging their 
duties under Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. The mechanisms used to engage with shareholders are described on page 84. You can also read more on how the Board considered each 
matter during the year as follows:
s.172(1) considerations Relevant disclosures Page reference
The likely consequences of any decision in the long term
During the year, the directors focused on the execution of our strategy and strategic milestones to ensure 
we are positioned to create long-term value for shareholders. This recognises the role we play in wider 
society helping the transition to a greener economy.
Our purpose 
Business model 
Our strategy 
The drivers of our changing world 
Financial review 
Sustainability
4 
8 - 9 
12 - 13 
6 - 7 
53 - 54 
22 to 44
Interests of employees
The directors recognise the importance of attracting, retaining and motivating high-performing 
individuals. The directors consider the implications for our people where possible. They also seek to 
ensure we remain committed to promoting a safe and inclusive working environment for all our people.
Our people 
Employee engagement 
Diversity, inclusion and belonging 
Speak Up 
Culture
33 - 38 
35 
35 - 36 
41 
35
Fostering the company’s business relationships with suppliers, customers and others
Our relationship with customers, suppliers, governments and partners is essential to ensure the success 
of our strategy and the long-term success of the Company. The board receives updates on engagement 
across the group at meetings. 
Financial review 
Modern slavery statement  
Business model 
Sustainability  
Human rights and ethical standards
53 - 54 
38 
8 - 9 
22 - 44 
38 - 39
Impact of operations on the community and the environment
Sustainability is at the heart of our strategy, and the impact we have on the community and environment 
is carefully considered by the Board. The Board closely monitors decisions relating to our sustainability 
strategy through the Societal Value Committee.
Our purpose 
The drives of our changing world  
Sustainability 
Task Force on Climate-related Disclosures 
Societal Value Committee report
 
4 
6 - 7 
22 - 44 
45 - 52 
88 - 89
Maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct
Our Code of Ethics, Supplier Code of Conduct and Modern Slavery Statement are reviewed regularly 
by the Board. This ensures the high standards of conduct we expect are upheld by all levels of the 
business. The Board monitors compliance with these through the internal control framework.
Our purpose 
Speak Up 
Human rights and ethical standards  
Internal controls 
Modern slavery statement 
Ethics and compliance
4 
42 
38 - 39 
100 
39 
38 - 39
The need to act fairly between members of the company
Following careful consideration of all relevant factors including the impact on our stakeholders, the 
directors assess the course of action that enables the delivery of our strategy and the long-term success 
of the company.
Stakeholder engagement 
Board activities  
Annual General Meeting 
84 - 86 
82 - 83 
130
The Strategic report from pages 1 to 72 was approved by the Board on 
25th May 2023 and is signed on its behalf by:
Liam Condon
Chief Executive Officer
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202372
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Governance
In this section
Compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code 73
Chair’s introduction 74
Board at a glance 75
Board of directors 76
Our governance structure 78
Corporate governance report 80
Board activities 82
Stakeholder engagement 84
Board and committee effectiveness review 87
Societal Value Committee report 88
Nomination Committee report 90
Audit Committee report 94
Remuneration Committee report 103
Remuneration at a glance 106
Remuneration Policy 107
Annual Report on remuneration 118
Directors’ report 128
Responsibilities of directors 132
Compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018
During the year under review, we have applied all the principles and complied with all the provisions of the 2018 UK 
Corporate Governance Code (the Code) except the following:
• provision 5 – engagement with the workforce: The Board has not engaged with the workforce using the 
methods prescribed by the Code. Following our strategic review last year, global town halls were held across 
the group to communicate our new strategy and business priorities. It was felt that this method of engagement 
would be the most effective for this financial year to ensure that all colleagues had the opportunity to ask detailed 
questions about the strategy, values and cultural ambition to the Group Leadership Team (GLT). We intend to 
resume our engagement focus groups in certain countries where JM has a significant footprint during 2023/24. 
These focus groups will be attended by a non-executive director
• provision 41– engagement with the workforce on alignment of executive pay with the wider company pay 
policy: While we inform our employees of global changes to pay and benefits, we have not actively sought a 
two-way dialogue over executive pay. We benchmark remuneration against our peers to ensure we offer 
competitive pay and benefits, so we continue to attract and retain the highest-calibre candidates. During the 
year, all employees were able to provide feedback on a range of matters, including remuneration, as part of our 
annual employee engagement survey. Read more in our Remuneration Committee report on page 103.
The Code is publicly available on the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) website, frc.org.uk
How we apply the principles of the Code
Board leadership and company purpose
The role of the Board Pages 78, 82-83
Purpose and culture Pages 35, 80
Resources and controls Pages 80, 100
Stakeholder engagement Pages 72, 84-85
Workforce engagement Page 80
Division of responsibilities 
Role of the Chair, non-executive directors and Company Secretary Pages 78-79
Composition of the Board Pages 76-77
Composition, succession and evaluation 
Appointments to the Board and succession planning Pages 90-92
Skills, experience and knowledge of the Board Pages 75-77
Board evaluation Page 87
Audit, risk and internal control
Audit Committee report Pages 94-102
Risk report Pages 62-69
Remuneration 
Remuneration Committee report Pages 103-127
Fair, balanced and understandable
In accordance with the Code, the Board considers that, taken 
as a whole, the 2022/23 Annual Report and Accounts is fair, 
balanced and understandable, and provides the information 
necessary for shareholders to assess Johnson Matthey’s 
position, performance, business model and strategy. The 
Audit Committee assesses the process that management 
uses to support the recommendation to the Board. More 
details are on page 100.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 73
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Following Liam Condon’s appointment as Chief Executive Officer in March 2022, the Board 
began the year with several meetings focused on strategy. We discussed, challenged and 
provided feedback on the strategic review, and our revised strategy was announced in May 
2022. It followed a long and detailed process of reviewing our strengths, the markets in which 
we operate, and getting feedback from our investors, customers and employees. Since then, 
the Board has overseen the implementation and delivery of our strategy, which is underpinned 
by our transformation programme. As we move to a faster-paced, more customer-focused 
culture, we have approved key strategic partnerships, and won business and large-scale projects, 
delivering against our promises for each of our businesses to accelerate our growth and drive 
value creation.
  Read more about our strategy and progress against our milestones on pages 12 and 13 
Read more about the Board’s activities during the year on pages 82 and 83
“The Board’s debate and challenge supports the delivery 
of our strategy”
Governance highlights
• Assessed and approved a refreshed group strategy 
• Monitored the transformation programme 
• Appointed Barbara Jeremiah as an independent non-executive director
• Approved investments and strategic partnerships linked to our strategic milestones 
• Reviewed previous strategic decisions and evaluated the learnings to further 
improve governance processes
Chair’s introduction
Sustainability is an integral part of Johnson Matthey and embedded into our strategy. We are committed 
to achieving net zero by 2040, and our progress against the 2030 targets (set out on page 24) is closely 
monitored by the Societal Value Committee. We are on track for a reduction in scope 1+2 CO2e (carbon 
dioxide equivalent) emissions from a 2019/20 baseline. And through our products, we have continued 
to helped our customers reduce CO2e emissions.
 More information about our Societal Value Committee’s work is on page 88
The Audit Committee assessed JM’s readiness to implement recommendations from the 
Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) white paper on restoring trust in 
audit and corporate governance. This included reviewing our climate-related assurance processes 
and the creation of our sustainability assurance framework.
 More information about our Audit Committee’s work is on page 94
During the year, we have continued to focus on succession planning, and the Nomination 
Committee undertook a search for a new non-executive director. We look forward to welcoming 
Barbara Jeremiah to the Board in July 2023. Barbara’s appointment will further enhance our 
Board’s skills and experience, and she will also take on the role of Senior Independent Director. 
Further information on the changes to the Board members’ roles and responsibilities can be 
found in the Nomination Committee report on page 90.
The Board understands the importance of diversity and inclusivity, and the innovative thinking and 
challenge it brings to the boardroom. I am pleased to report that plans are in place for the Board’s 
composition to meet the ambitions set out in the FTSE Women Leaders Review for listed companies 
to have at least 40% of female representation on the board with at least one of the senior board 
positions (chair, chief executive officer, senior independent director or chief financial officer) 
to be held by a woman by the end of 2025.
 Read more about the Board’s composition and Board diversity policy on page 93
We have spent much of our time discussing the future of Johnson Matthey, our strategy, current 
performance and the plans in place to catalyse the net zero transition. We have supported and 
challenged senior leadership to ensure the continued acceleration of our transformation programme. 
We have also reviewed some of our previous strategic decisions and evaluated the learnings from these 
processes to continuously improve and challenge management in a robust and constructive way. As a 
result of these discussions, there are several actions we will be taking to improve the Board’s governance 
processes. In addition, the Board reviewed some of the wider governance processes to ensure they 
supported our fast-paced cultural ambition. As part of that review, we approved a simplified delegation 
of authority framework. 
I am pleased to report that this year’s board effectiveness review confirmed that we continue to 
operate effectively and have made good progress against the actions recommended in last year’s 
review. In accordance with the Code, the next review will be externally facilitated.
 Read more about our board effectiveness review on page 87
Patrick Thomas
Chair
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202374
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Board at a glance
as at 31st March 2023
Board and committee attendance
Board attendance Board
Societal Value 
Committee
Nomination 
Committee
Audit  
Committee
Remuneration 
Committee
Patrick Thomas1 9/9 5/5 7/7 – 7/8
Liam Condon 9/9 5/5 – – –
Stephen Oxley 9/9 5/5 – – –
Rita Forst2 8/9 5/5 6/7 5/6 8/8
Jane Griffiths 9/9 5/5 7/7 6/6 8/8
John O’Higgins 9/9 5/5 7/7 6/6 8/8
Xiaozhi Liu3 9/9 5/5 7/7 6/6 7/8
Chris Mottershead4 8/9 4/5 6/7 5/6 7/8
Doug Webb 9/9 5/5 7/7 6/6 8/8
1. Patrick Thomas was unable to attend one committee meeting due to unforeseen travel issues
2. Rita Forst was unable to attend one board meeting, two committee meetings and part of another board meeting due to serious illness
3. Xiaozhi Liu was unable to attend part of one board meeting and one committee meeting due to short-notice scheduling changes
4. Chris Mottershead was unable to attend one board meeting and four committee meetings due to serious illness 
Non-executive director industry leadership 
and experience
Patrick 
Thomas
Rita 
Forst
Jane 
Griffiths
John 
O’Higgins
Xiaozhi 
Liu
Chris 
Mottershead
Doug 
Webb
Automotive
Chemicals
Energy
Oil and gas
Pharmaceuticals
Manufacturing
Professional services
Technology
Sustainability
Board composition
Female directors: three
Male directors: six
33%
67%
Gender diversity
Chair and non-executive director tenure
Chair: one
Executive: two
Non-executive: six
11%
22%
67%
0-3 years: one
4-6 years: five
7-9 years: one
14%
72%
14%
Role
British: five
Irish: two
German: two
56%
22%
22%
Nationality
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 75
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Board of Directors
Appointed to the Board: March 2022 
Skills and experience
Liam was previously a member of the Board 
of Management of Bayer AG and President 
of the Crop Science Division, a role he held 
for nine years. He has also served in senior 
roles at Schering AG and Bayer HealthCare.
Contribution
Liam is a dynamic and values-driven leader, 
with an impressive track record of leading 
science-based businesses while delivering 
consistent high-quality performance. 
He balances commercial ability with 
a strong strategic perspective. He has 
a proven track record of driving growth 
and modernising organisations.
Appointed to the Board: April 2021 
Skills and experience
Stephen joined from KPMG, where he was 
a partner. He is experienced in both audit 
and advisory roles for large, complex 
international companies across a variety of 
sectors including FMCG, healthcare, natural 
resources and industrials. Stephen is a 
chartered accountant.
Contribution
Stephen brings operational and technical 
understanding of Johnson Matthey 
and significant experience working 
with companies going through major  
change programmes.
External appointments
Non-Executive Member of the Audit 
and Risk Assurance Committee for the 
Sovereign Grant and Trustee of Care 
International UK.
Appointed to the Board: October 2021 
Skills and experience
Rita has spent more than 35 years at the 
Opel European division of General Motors 
in senior engineering, product 
development and management positions, 
including Vice President, Engineering, 
forGeneral Motors Europe. She was also a 
member of Opel’s Management Board from 
2010 to 2012. Rita was responsible for the 
development of new generations of engines 
and car models for Opel and General 
Motors, as well as European research 
and development activities.
Contribution
Rita has a deep understanding of the 
automotive and powertrain sectors. 
Her extensive knowledge includes research 
and development of conventional and 
alternative powertrains, as well as future 
vehicle technologies.
External appointments
Non-Executive Director of Westport Fuel 
Systems Inc and member of Technology 
and Product Strategy Committee, 
Non-Executive Director of AerCap Holdings 
N.V. and member of ESG Committee and 
Portfolio Management Committee, 
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
NORMA Group SE and Chair of Group 
Strategy Committee, and Member 
of the Advisory Board of iwis SE & Co.KG.
Appointed to the Board: January 2017 
Skills and experience
Jane held various roles at Johnson 
& Johnson (J&J) from 1982 until her 
retirement in 2019, with experience 
in international and affiliate strategic 
marketing, sales management, product 
management, general management 
and clinical research. Most recently, she 
was Global Head of Actelion, a Janssen 
pharmaceutical subsidiary of J&J.
Contribution
Jane has significant experience and 
understanding of global strategy 
management across a variety of markets, 
and a strong interest in sustainability 
and diversity.
External appointments
Chair of Redx Pharma Plc, Non-Executive 
Director and Sustainability Committee 
Chair of BAE Systems plc.
Patrick Thomas
Chair
Liam Condon
Chief Executive Officer
Stephen Oxley
Chief Financial Officer
Rita Forst
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
Jane Griffiths
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
S S S N A R S N A RS N R
Societal Value Committee memberS
Nomination Committee memberN
Audit Committee memberA
Remuneration Committee memberR
Committee Chair
Board committees
Appointed to the Board: June 2018  
Skills and experience
Between 2015 and May 2018, Patrick 
was Chief Executive Officer and Chair of 
the Board of Management at Covestro AG. 
Between 2007 and 2015, he was Chief 
Executive Officer of its predecessor, Bayer 
MaterialScience, before its demerger 
from Bayer AG. He is a fellow of the Royal 
Academy of Engineering.
Contribution
Patrick has deep experience of leading 
international speciality chemical businesses. 
He also has a track record in driving growth 
through science and innovation across global 
markets, with a strong focus on sustainability.
External appointments
Non-Executive Director at AkzoNobel 
and member of Covestro AG’s  
Supervisory Board. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202376
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Appointed to the Board: November 2017 
Skills and experience
John was Chief Executive of Spectris plc 
from January 2006 to September 2018, 
leading the business through a period of 
significant transformation. He previously 
worked for Honeywell as President of 
Automation and Control Solutions, Asia 
Pacific, and in other management roles. 
From 2010 to 2015, John was a Non-
Executive Director at Exide Technologies 
Inc, a battery technology supplier to 
automotive and industrial users. He began 
his career as a design engineer at 
Daimler-Benz in Stuttgart.
Contribution
John has extensive business and industrial 
experience, as well as a track record of 
portfolio analysis and realignment, 
driving growth and improving 
operational efficiencies.
External appointments
Chair of Elementis plc, Non-Executive 
Director of Oxford Nanopore Technologies 
Plc, member of the Supervisory Board of 
ENVEA Global SA and Trustee of the 
Wincott Foundation.
Appointed to the Board: April 2019 
Skills and experience
Xiaozhi is the founder and Chief Executive 
of ASL Automobile Science & Technology, 
a position she has held since 2009. She 
was previously a senior executive in several 
automotive companies, including Chair and 
Chief Executive of General Motors Taiwan.
Contribution
Xiaozhi has deep knowledge and 
perspective on sustainable and technology-
driven businesses, and strong experience 
of the global automotive sector, particularly 
in China, as well as Europe and the US.
External appointments
Chief Executive of ASL Automobile Science 
& Technology, Non-Executive Director 
of Autoliv Inc and InBev SA/NV.
Appointed to the Board: January 2015 
Skills and experience
Chris held roles at King’s College London 
until his retirement in 2021, including 
Senior Vice President of Quality, Strategy 
and Innovation, and Director of King’s 
College London Business Limited. Before 
this, Chris had a 30-year career at BP, 
including as Global Advisor on Energy 
Security and Climate Change. He was also 
Technology Vice President for BP’s Global 
Gas, Power and Renewables businesses. 
He is a chartered engineer and fellow 
of the Royal Society of Arts.
Contribution
Chris has a wealth of industrial and 
academic knowledge, as well as experience 
in energy technology and related global 
sustainability issues. As Chair of the 
Remuneration Committee, Chris is 
a sounding board for JM’s HR function.
External appointments
Member of the Audit Committee 
of the Crick Institute. 
Appointed to the Board: September 2019 
Skills and experience
Doug was Chief Financial Officer at Meggitt 
plc from 2013 to 2018, and was previously 
Chief Financial Officer at London Stock 
Exchange Group plc and QinetiQ Group plc. 
Before that, he held senior finance roles at 
Logica plc. Doug began his career in Price 
Waterhouse’s audit and business advisory 
team. He is a fellow of the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants in England 
and Wales.
Contribution
Doug has a strong background in corporate 
financial management and a deep 
understanding of the technology and 
engineering sectors. Doug chaired the 
Audit Committee at SEGRO plc for nine 
years until April 2019, making him ideally 
suited to chairing our Audit Committee 
and acting as its financial expert.
External appointments
Non-Executive Director, Audit Committee 
Chair and Treasury Committee Chair 
of United Utilities Group PLC and Senior 
Independent Director of BMT Group Ltd.
Appointed as General Counsel and 
Company Secretary: June 2020
Skills and experience
Nick has strong experience 
working across a diverse range  
of sectors. After qualifying  
as a solicitor, he worked in 
general counsel and company 
secretarial roles across the retail, 
software, hospitality and 
telecommunications sectors.  
More recently, as Corporate 
Services Director of Cable & 
Wireless, he led the migration  
of its central operations from 
London to the US.
Contribution
Nick’s wide knowledge of 
corporate law, governance and 
operational experience means 
he is ideally placed to support 
the Board.
External appointments
Non-Executive Director of 
Springfield Properties PLC, 
Director of Veranova Parent 
Holdco, L.P.* 
 * JM holds 30% of the share capital 
of this company
John O’Higgins
Senior Independent Director
Xiaozhi Liu
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
Doug Webb
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
Nick Cooper
General Counsel and 
Company Secretary
Chris Mottershead
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
S N A R S N A RS N A RS N A R
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 77
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Board of Directors continued
Our board of directors
At the date of this report, the Board comprises nine directors: the Chair, two executive 
directors, the Senior Independent Director and five independent non-executive directors.  
The Board is responsible for our long-term success. It provides leadership, direction and 
monitors Johnson Matthey’s culture and values. The Board also sets our strategy and oversees its 
implementation, ensuring we are managing risks appropriately and acting in the interests 
of our stakeholders. The responsibilities we do not delegate as a board are included in the 
matters reserved for the Board in our Governance Framework.
 Read JM’s Governance Framework on our website, matthey.com/governance-framework 
Our governance structure
Board composition and roles
Our non-executive directors are determined to be independent by the Board, in accordance with the Code’s criteria. The Board members’ respective skills, experience and knowledge enable them 
to discharge their respective duties and responsibilities effectively. Further details can be found on pages 75-77.The Chair was considered independent on appointment.
• Leads the Board
• Ensures an effective Board, including welcoming contributions 
and challenges from directors
• Maintains regular and effective shareholder communications 
so that the Board has a clear understanding of their views
• Chairs the Nomination Committee, initiating change and 
succession planning for the Board and senior management
• Promotes high standards of integrity, probity and corporate 
governance throughout JM
Chair
Patrick Thomas
• Constructively challenge the executive directors
• Scrutinise management’s performance
• Provide independent advice on strategy proposals
• Satisfy themselves on the integrity of financial information and on 
the effectiveness of financial controls and risk management systems
• Determine appropriate executive director remuneration
Independent  
Non-Executive Directors
Rita Forst, Jane Griffiths,  
Xiaozhi Liu, Chris Mottershead  
and Doug Webb
• Provides a sounding board for the Chair
• Acts, if necessary, as a focal point and intermediary for the 
other directors
• Ensures any key issues not being addressed by the Chair or senior 
management are acted upon
• Is available to shareholders should they have concerns
• Leads the annual appraisal of the Chair’s performance
Senior Independent Director
John O’Higgins
• Day-to-day responsibility for running the group’s operations
• Recommends and implements group strategy
• Applies group policies
• Promotes JM’s culture and standards
Chief Executive Officer
Liam Condon
• Has day-to-day responsibility for managing the finance, IT, 
security and real estate functions
• Leads the group’s finance activities, risks and controlsChief Financial Officer
Stephen Oxley
• Together with the Chair, keeps the effectiveness of the company’s 
and the Board’s governance processes under review
• Provides advice on corporate governance mattersGeneral Counsel and  
Company Secretary
Nick Cooper
Key responsibilitiesBoard role
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202378
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Audit Committee
 Read more on pages – 94-102
Other committees
The Board has delegated specific responsibilities to the Disclosure Committee and the Ethics Panel.  
These committees comprise executive directors or GLT members and relevant senior management.
Group Leadership Team
The Board delegates responsibility for implementing operational decisions and for the day-to-day management of the business to the Chief Executive Officer, who is supported by the GLT. 
Our Delegation of Authorities Framework sets out levels of authority for decision-making throughout the group.
 Details of GLT members and their relevant experience are on our website: matthey.com/GLT
Disclosure Committee
Identifies and controls inside information. Determines how or when that information is 
disclosed, in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Ethics Panel
Oversees concerns raised relating to our Speak Up process and ensures the effective review 
and investigation of these concerns.
Nomination Committee
 Read more on pages – 90-93
Remuneration Committee
 Read more on pages – 103-127
Societal Value Committee
 Read more on pages – 88-89
Our board committees
All independent non-executive directors are members of the principal board committees. 
The Chair is a member of the Remuneration Committee and the Societal Value Committee, 
and he also chairs the Nomination Committee.
The number of board and committee meetings held during the financial year is included  
on page 75. The Board keeps the number of meetings under review to ensure that  
non-executive directors have sufficient time to discharge their duties.
 Governance Framework: matthey.com/governance-framework
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 79
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Our governance structure continued
Corporate governance report
Purpose and culture
Our purpose, culture and vision are underpinned by our values
The Board monitors culture using a range of metrics, including our global employee 
engagement survey, customer satisfaction scores, customer behaviour statistics, health and 
safety reports, financial results, internal audit reports and progress against our key 
transformation project milestones. Our Speak Up process is our formal channel for employees 
to raise concerns. Any material issues or key themes arising from Speak Ups are discussed 
by the Ethics Panel and Societal Value Committee and escalated to the Board as appropriate. 
As part of the strategic review, the Board set new cultural priorities aligned to our purpose 
and values, to drive a simpler, higher-performing and more commercial organisation. 
During the year, we continued to transform our culture with a focus on efficiency, high 
performance and commercialism. These new cultural priorities also helped us review some 
of our own governance practices, to ensure they enabled these behavioural changes and 
supported the delivery of our strategy. 
Our Chief Executive Officer continues to focus on the key themes of people, culture and 
commercial performance in his board reports throughout the year. This provides us with 
a valuable insight into the day-to-day operations and the cultural context in which our 
colleagues work. All our board directors go on site visits to engage with colleagues 
at all levels of the business and gain a better understanding of the culture at our sites.
 Read more about how our purpose and culture impacts our decisions on pages 82-83
Our board committees play an important role in monitoring our culture
The Societal Value Committee ensures we are 
a truly inclusive organisation with a diverse 
workforce. It monitors any key themes 
and issues arising from our Speak Up process
 See pages 88-89
The Nomination Committee makes sure 
succession planning supports our culture 
and promotes diversity
 See pages 90-93
The Audit Committee has oversight of 
internal controls that safeguard our culture 
 See pages 94-102
The Remuneration Committee steers the 
group’s approach to reward and benefits 
to ensure it promotes our culture and 
long-term success
 See pages 103-127
Employee engagement
We are committed to engaging with employees to better understand the issues, challenges 
and opportunities across the group. In 2022, the Board focused on reviewing our strategy 
and considered employee feedback from The Big Listen. This employee survey was designed 
to uncover strengths and barriers to our success from the bottom up. Since The Big Listen, 
employee engagement has continued to be led by management, as we communicated our 
refreshed strategy. Town halls and team sessions took place at all levels across the group 
to share our vision, play to win behaviours and provide progress updates on the execution 
of our strategy. This was an essential part of ensuring our people had the chance to discuss 
and question management to better understand their role in delivering our ambitions. 
The town halls also provided a platform to communicate the cultural and behavioural 
changes that are vital for the successful delivery of our strategy. 
Each year the Board conducts site visits to see operations first hand, meet colleagues and 
develop a better understanding of the culture. During the Board’s visit to our Technology 
Centre in Sonning in September 2022, the directors met with employees informally over 
lunch, providing an opportunity for open discussion and the chance for directors to hear 
the views of our colleagues without having structured topics of discussion. 
As described on page 73, this is an area where the Board has not complied with the Code. 
It was felt that following the strategic review, direct engagement between management and 
our employees was paramount to ensure the new cultural ambition and strategy was well 
understood. The Board had previously considered employee engagement methods specified 
by the Code and felt that our global and diverse employee network required a different 
approach. We established engagement focus groups in countries where we have a significant 
footprint, each led by a board member. Following the communication of our strategy, the 
Board intends to re-establish simplified groups for 2023/24 to obtain a greater insight into 
the views of our employees. The directors will report back to the Board on the key messages 
they have heard from their engagement focus group and any actions arising will be 
monitored through the year by regular reports.
Protecting people and the planet
Acting with integrity Innovating and improving
Working together Owning what we do
Catalysing the net zero transition
Our culture
Our values
Focus Simplify Execute
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202380
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Induction and training
All new directors receive comprehensive and tailored inductions during their first year at JM 
to gain a deeper understanding of how we work. Induction plans are adapted to support 
each director in meeting their statutory duties. Through the plan, directors develop a deep 
understanding of our strategic priorities, as well as an insight into our purpose, values 
and culture. 
Following their induction, each director receives regular briefings from external advisers 
or teach-ins on items of strategic importance as part of regular board training. In September 
2022, as part of continuous development, the Board received a schedule of teach-ins, which 
were delivered by subject matter experts from across the group. These covered Hydrogen 
Technologies, PGM chemistry and applications, renewables and electrochemical 
transformations, Clean Air (specifically, ammonia cracking, hydrogen ICE and methane 
abatement), digitalisation of R&D, and metals. This provided the Board with insights into 
the business and an opportunity to ask questions of the wider workforce about the detailed 
areas in which they work. 
During the year, external legal advisors also provided an update on the UK Market Abuse 
Regulation. All board members receive regular training on climate-related issues through the 
Societal Value Committee, where external specialists are invited to present at each meeting. 
The auditors also presented regulatory updates to the Audit Committee, including the key 
changes for the next financial year.
Throughout each year, all directors receive information on mandatory training topics, including 
on health and safety, information security and ethics and compliance matters. Legal and 
governance updates are regularly provided by the General Counsel and Company Secretary.
The skills and experience of our board members are regularly assessed to ensure they 
continue to be well placed to provide insight on our purpose and strategy. This, alongside 
the annual board effectiveness review, informs our training agenda for the year.
Director 
training
• Introduction to key management personnel
• Detailed strategic review
• Sector deep dives
• Detailed strategic review
• Mandatory training to ensure the directors 
have a clear understanding of our 
internal processes
• External experts provide training on relevant 
topics to enhance technical knowledge
• Identify areas of improvement for future 
board training
Induction training
Board skills assessment External training
Regular internal training
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 81
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Corporate governance report continued
Our annual agenda plan reflects our strategy and gives us sufficient time to discuss and develop strategic proposals and monitor board performance. Below, we have set out some of the matters we 
considered during the year, different stakeholder groups central to those decisions, as well as the outcomes. Our Stakeholder engagement on pages 84 to 86 (including our Section 172 statement 
on page 72), illustrates how the Board considers stakeholder views and the outcome of those considerations.
 Read more about our strategy on pages 12 and 13 and risk on pages 62 to 69 
Matters considered Stakeholders considered How the Board received 
stakeholder feedback
Outcomes Links to risk
Strategy and 
execution
Strategic discussions included:
• Review of a refreshed strategy
• Delivery of our transformation 
programme
• Investments and strategic 
partnerships 
• Reviews by business Chief 
Executives
• Customers and strategic 
partners
• Employees 
• Investors
• Suppliers
• Society
• Communities
• Chief Executive Officer 
updates
• Business updates
• M&A updates
• Strategy and 
transformation updates
• Adopted a refreshed strategy, which 
was presented to the market in May 
2022 and agreed a new cultural 
ambition to support the successful 
delivery of the strategy
• Monitored the progress of the  
transformation programme 
• Reviewed each business’s strategic 
update assessing the market, risks 
and opportunities
• Agreed a strategic partnership with 
Plug Power and investment in a new 
US facility
• Approved the investment in 3CR
• Approved several smaller investments 
that help deliver against our 
strategic milestones
1  2  3  4  5  6  10  
Financial 
oversight
Scrutinised and monitored financial 
data and performance, including:
• Trading and performance
• Full-year and half-year results
• Going concern and viability 
statements
• Dividend payments
• Annual Report including 
reporting against the Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosure (TCFD) requirements
• Customers and strategic 
partners
• Employees
• Investors
• Suppliers
• Chief Financial Officer 
updates
• PGM reports
• Regular broker reports
• Investor perception study
• Feedback following 
full-year and half-year 
results presentations
• Reviewed in detail the group’s financial 
position, including working capital 
and net debt
• Agreed the budget for 2023/24 and our 
three-year plan
• Assessed the proposed dividend payment
• Approved the going concern and viability 
statements
• Reviewed and approved the full-year 
and half-year results and annual report 
and accounts
3  6  8  9  
Operational 
management
We received regular updates from 
the Chief Executive Officer on:
• Group operations
• Capital project execution
• Environmental, Health and Safety 
(EHS) performance
• Business continuity and ongoing 
site management
• Supply chain management
• Customers and strategic 
partners
• Employees
• Investors
• Suppliers
• Society 
• Communities
• Procurement update
• Payment practices 
reporting
• EHS updates
• Modern Slavery Statement
• Conflict Minerals Disclosure
• Challenged group operations, including 
capital projects, procurement, security, 
EHS, IT and supply chain management
• Discussed process safety and instructed 
an independent audit
2  3  5  6  7  8  
9  10  
Board activities 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202382
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Matters considered Stakeholders considered How the Board received 
stakeholder feedback
Outcomes Links to risk
Governance Governance is at the heart of the 
board agenda, including 
consideration of:
• Stakeholder engagement 
mechanisms
• Board effectiveness
• Our Governance Framework
• Our Delegation of Authority 
Framework
• Policies and processes
• Customers and strategic 
partners
• Employees
• Investors
• Suppliers
• Society
• Communities
• Attendance and 
engagement at the AGM
• Investor perception survey 
• Feedback following 
meetings and direct 
engagement with investors
• Review material news or 
regulatory announcements 
through the Disclosure 
Committee
• Progressed the actions from the last 
year’s internally facilitated board 
effectiveness review and conducted 
another internal board 
effectiveness review
• Reviewed the investor perception study 
and associated actions
• Implemented changes to improve the 
Governance Framework and simplified 
committees at GLT level
• Approved changes to simplify the 
Delegation of Authority Framework
• Approved updates to policies to ensure 
alignment with best practice
5  6  10  
People and 
culture
The Board focused on:
• Our people strategy and 
culture
• Diversity, inclusion and 
belonging 
• Employee engagement 
surveys
• Employees
• Communities
• Insights gained from 
site visits 
• Annual talent review by the 
Nomination Committee
• People strategy and culture 
updates from the Chief 
Executive Officer and Chief 
HR Officer
• Results and feedback 
from our internal 
engagement surveys
• Reviewed the feedback from employee 
engagement surveys and agreed an 
action plan
• Reviewed progress on changing 
behaviours to support our cultural 
ambition through the transformation 
programme updates
5  6  7  9  10  
Risk The Board reviewed the group’s 
approach to risk management 
and completed deep dives of 
principal risks
• Customers and strategic 
partners
• Employees
• Investors
• Suppliers
• Society
• Board reports on the 
full-year and half-year risk 
reviews
• Deep dive reports into 
certain principal risks 
and areas of emerging risks
• Considered any emerging risks as a result 
of the external environment
• Reviewed each principal risk to ensure 
they remained appropriate
• Approved the risk appetite for each 
principal risk
• Reviewed mitigating activities
1  2  3  4  5  6  7  
8  9  10  
Key to principal risks
1 Significant shift in demand and / or commoditisation of sustainable technology 7 A significant work-related EHS incident
2 A significant geopolitical or macroeconomic event impacting JM's operations 8 Disruption to inbound goods or services provided
3 Failure to deliver business value from strategic capital projects 9 Security of metal and failure to manage metal commitments
4 Development of products that do not meet the future needs of customers 10 Failure in one or more of JM’s critical operational assets
6 Unsuccessful delivery of key business transformation programme
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 83
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Board activities continued
How we engage at board level How we engage across the company
   Customers and strategic partners
• Customer relationships are discussed at every 
board meeting 
• Several key strategic partnerships were 
approved by the Board during the year, and 
the Board assesses potential partnerships 
against our strategic ambitions and milestones
• Customer satisfaction surveys 
• Tracking customer perceptions against 
key indicators
• Engaging customers in the development 
process of new products
   Investors
• Regular investor updates are presented 
at board meetings, including the results 
of an investor perception study 
• Investors have the chance to ask directors 
questions at the AGM
• The Board approves trading statements, full- 
and half-year results and the Annual Report 
and accounts
• The Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Chief 
Financial Officer have regular engagement 
with major shareholders
• The Remuneration Committee Chair engages 
directly on remuneration matters and changes 
of policy
• The SID and Committee Chairs are available 
to meet with investors
• Regular dialogue with shareholders to support 
them in their investments
• Investor roadshows
• Roundtable teach-ins
   Employees
• Review the results of the employee 
engagement surveys
• Monitor culture and the impact of the 
transformation programme on our people
• Regular visits to JM sites to meet colleagues
• Review process safety and EHS processes 
to ensure they keep our people safe
• The Nomination Committee receive talent 
and succession updates 
• The Societal Value Committee review matters 
raised through our independent Speak Up process 
• The Remuneration Committee sets the reward 
and benefits framework 
• Regular internal communications and 
town halls
• Employee engagement survey
• Policies, processes, and events to keep our 
people safe and promote a culture of diversity, 
inclusivity and belonging 
• Annual JM Awards
Stakeholder engagement 
How we engage at board level How we engage across the company
    Society
• Ensure the delivery of our strategy, which 
addresses key societal issues
• Through the Societal Value Committee review 
the progress towards our sustainability targets 
• Play an active role in global associations, 
including a leading role as UK Hydrogen 
Champion, an independent advisory role to the  
government
   Communities
• The Societal Value Committee receives reports 
on ESG and actions to support our 
communities
• Employee volunteering 
• Match funding for employee donations 
to certain charitable causes. In 2022/23 JM 
matched charitable donations made to the 
Disaster Emergency Committee following 
the Turkish and Syrian earthquake disaster
• Company donations to support communities 
in the regions that we operate in
   Suppliers
• Review payment practices reporting and areas 
of improvement
• Review and approve the Modern Slavery 
Statement
• Promote an ethical culture
• Continually review relationships with our 
strategic and high-impact suppliers
• Policies and processes to ensure an ethical 
supply chain, including the Global Human 
Rights Policy and Conflict Minerals and 
Cobalt Policy
• Annual Ethics Week to raise awareness 
of the importance of our suppliers
We are focused on driving long-term sustainable success for the benefit of our stakeholders. This section provides an insight into how we as a board engage with our stakeholders to understand 
what matters to them. Examples of some of the principal decisions taken by the Board during the year and the stakeholder views and inputs considered as part of these decisions are on 
pages 84 to 86.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202384
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Stakeholder engagement in action
Stakeholder engagement is vital to building a sustainable business. The Board recognises  
the need to foster positive business relationships with suppliers, customers and governments.  
This section provides more details on how the directors have fulfilled their duties. 
The matters we consider differ in relevance for each stakeholder, and sometimes stakeholders 
may have conflicting interests. We aim to consider the key issues relevant to each stakeholder 
group, and our decisions will ultimately promote the group’s long-term success and support 
our vision, purpose and strategy. In making decisions, we consider the interests of 
stakeholders across the company – not just at board level.
1 2
Transforming the way we operate
Our transformation programme is driving greater efficiency and cost savings through simplifying and 
modernising the way we work. Following the strategic review, our focus has been structured around key pillars, 
including external milestones, culture, efficiency and growth. The Board receives updates on transformational 
workstreams associated with each of these pillars at every meeting. This allows the Board to maintain effective 
oversight and an opportunity to assess the impact on our different stakeholders.
Stakeholder considerations
Our people: We understand the impact that transformation can have on our people and that driving cultural 
and behavioural changes takes time. We listened to our people through our employee engagement surveys. 
These helped shape our discussions during our strategic review last year. As a board we have reviewed our 
own governance processes and approved a simplified delegation of authority and changes to the Governance 
Framework, which reduced the number of GLT sub-committees. 
Investors: Through our transformation programme updates, we closely monitor performance against external 
milestones. This allows us to challenge management and demand greater accountability, ensuring the effective 
delivery of our strategy for our investors and wider stakeholders. Our transformation programme will accelerate 
our growth, drive efficiencies and cost savings across the group, ultimately providing better long-term returns 
for our investors. 
Suppliers: The Board has considered how best to support suppliers and by simplifying and clarifying processes 
and systems, it allows greater ability to support smaller suppliers with shorter payment terms. This in turn 
supports the Board’s commitment to prompt payment.
Outcomes and impact on our long-term success
We believe that JM needs to become simpler, more agile and more cost-effective in order to focus on longer-
term, sustainable value growth. The transformation programme will drive stronger execution, unlock 
near-term cost opportunities and strengthen our capabilities in capital project execution and cross-group 
commercial synergies.
Safeguarding our people and our operations
As part of the Board’s deep dives, we reviewed process safety across the group. Process safety relates to the risk 
of major accidents during processing of hazardous chemicals or substances. Such accidents, typically fires, 
explosions and toxic releases, have the potential to cause severe harm to people and the environment, both 
on and off-site. Several actions were identified in the review and an independent third party was engaged 
to undertake an audit of the process safety management programme and major risk priorities.
Stakeholder considerations
Our people, investors and communities: Our process safety and wider EHS procedures keep our people safe in 
the workplace. Accidents can have a catastrophic impact on people, the environment and business. Whilst these 
significant catastrophic events are rare within JM and the wider chemical industry, the Board wanted to ensure 
that the management system was robust, with leadership driving a strong process safety culture. The audit 
reviewed our practices against industry best practices enabling us to monitor their implementation across 
various JM sites.
Outcomes and impact on our long-term success
The independent audit commenced in January 2023 and the results will be reported to the Board. As part of the 
audit, the third party met with group, business and site leadership, covering various topics agreed by the Board, 
including protocols, process safety performance indicators and escalation methods to management. Following 
the completion of the meetings with leadership and the final report to the Board, a detailed action plan will 
be created to ensure that our process safety is in line with industry best practice.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 85
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Stakeholder engagement continued
Strategic partnerships that deliver against our milestones
The Board approved a long-term strategic partnership with Plug Power to accelerate the green hydrogen 
economy. This partnership creates a volume and scale for green hydrogen that has not existed until now. 
It brings together one of the largest green hydrogen and fuel cells companies in the world with our technology 
and manufacturing capabilities.
Stakeholder considerations
Our people: Plug Power and JM will co-invest in what is expected to be the largest catalyst coated membranes 
(CCMs) manufacturing facility in the world. The facility will be built in the US and is likely to begin production 
in 2025. To support this, we are already increasing our manufacturing capability in the UK through a new 3GW 
gigafactory in Royston, UK. As part of this project and the scale-up of our manufacturing capabilities, there will 
inevitably be new opportunities created for our people to transfer to different roles as we refocus and redirect 
the group to support our strategic ambitions.  
Investors: Our long-term partnership with Plug Power is a key deliverable in our strategic growth plan for our 
Hydrogen Technologies business. This partnership confirms our world-class position in catalyst coated 
membranes, the key performance-defining components of electrolyzers and fuel cells. It further emphasises the 
key role we have to play in the green hydrogen economy. The Board considered that this partnership would 
positively contribute to investors’ long-term returns. 
Customers and innovation partners: JM will become an important strategic supplier of MEA components, 
providing a substantial portion of Plug’s demand for catalysts, membranes, and catalyst coated membranes. This 
is an incredibly important validation of our technology and our ability to deliver for our customers as we support 
the rapid scale-up of key raw material value chains by contributing expertise in sourcing, managing and 
recycling PGMs.
Governments and trade associations: A £400 million government-backed loan (unrelated to the Plug Power 
partnership) was granted to JM in April 2022. The long-term strategic plan for JM’s hydrogen products will 
further help to deliver the UK government’s Ten Point Plan for a green industrial revolution, to help develop 
global solutions to the climate crisis.
Communities: This partnership will contribute significantly towards our 2030 target for 50 million tonnes 
of greenhouse gas emissions avoided per year. It will also help Plug Power meet its strategic ambitions, and 
therefore will help its customers – including Amazon, Carrefour, Walmart and BMW – to meet their business 
goals, helping to decarbonise the economy.
Outcomes and impact on our long-term success
The partnership enables each company to leverage its specific areas of expertise, working together to accelerate 
its growth. It also delivers on a key strategic milestone for partnerships for Hydrogen Technologies and materially 
accelerates our ambition to be a leading provider of CCMs globally.
The partnership will support Plug Power in delivering its targeted revenue of US$5 billion and US$20 billion by 
2026 and 2030 respectively. To help achieve these targets, Plug Power and JM will co-invest in what is expected 
to be the largest (5GW scaling to 10GW over time) CCMs manufacturing facility in the world.  Plug Power and 
JM will also continue to leverage government incentives where possible, including from the Inflation Reduction 
Act in the US and REPowerEU in Europe to push for exponential growth across the hydrogen industry.
Investing in our future and securing our  
leadership position
We are investing for growth and generating attractive returns. As part of our plans to invest £1.1 billion in 
capital expenditure from 2022/23 to 2024/25, the Board approved several investments to expand and improve 
our existing infrastructure in a number of our businesses. 
The Board approved a gigafactory to scale up the manufacture of hydrogen fuel cell components. 
The gigafactory will initially be capable of manufacturing 3GW of proton exchange membrane components 
annually for hydrogen vehicles and the project is supported by the UK government through the Automotive 
Transformation Fund.
In PGMS, our refineries need investment to set them up for decades of profitable operation. This year 
we continued to invest to maintain these assets.
Stakeholder considerations
Our people: Old equipment, challenging conditions and increasingly unreliable assets posed potential EHS risks 
and placed a strain on our operations, engineering and maintenance teams. We considered the potential 
benefits to our people, and the invaluable impact replacing the existing metals refinery would have on the 
working environment and safety. 
In addition, we considered the positive impacts of scaling up our operations in Hydrogen Technologies and 
the role it would play in securing hundreds of highly skilled manufacturing jobs in the UK.
Investors and customers: The scale-up of manufacturing for hydrogen fuel cell components will position 
Johnson Matthey to be a market leader in performance components for fuel cells and electrolysers, driving 
long-term value creation for our investors and the improvement of the electric vehicle supply chain for 
our customers. 
The age of the existing refinery and machinery could cause regular issues and delays in refining customer metal, 
resulting in longer lead times and working capital constraints. The new refinery will increase refining capacity, 
reduce working capital, and therefore create new commercial opportunities for us. It will bring innovation to our 
refining processes, including more automation and control systems to optimise the way in which the plant is run 
and drives circularity for our customers.
Community and society: Decarbonising freight transformation is critical to help societies and industries meet 
their ambitious net zero emission targets. Our investment into fuel cells will be a crucial part of this transition. 
The 3CR project will have significant environmental and social benefits over the existing refinery. It will 
future-proof the plant against potential tightening of legislation around platinum salts sensitisation through 
engineering-based controls and containment. 3CR will also deliver energy efficiency and sustainability 
improvements, including the reduction of hazardous waste, moving us towards our 2030 targets including 
Scope 1 + 2 emissions.
Outcomes and impact on our long-term success
The scale-up of manufacturing for hydrogen fuel cell components positions us as a market leader in 
performance components for fuel cells and electrolysers, targeting more than £200 million sales in Hydrogen 
Technologies by the end of 2024/25. 
The refining business underpins the group, providing a secure and cost-effective source of PGMs to our Clean Air 
and Hydrogen Technologies businesses, while generating significant operating profit for the group. Further 
investment in 3CR will enable us to refine in a safe, effective and sustainable manner. The investment mitigates 
the business continuity risk associated with an older asset and will provide improvements in refining lead times, 
reductions in energy consumption and volume upsides.
3 4
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202386
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Section 172 statement continued
Each year, the Board reviews its performance and effectiveness, including that of its 
committees and individual directors. This helps identify areas for improvement and ensure 
it is well placed to provide constructive challenge.
We carried out an externally facilitated board effectiveness review in 2021. The 2023 review 
was facilitated internally and led by the Chair, with support from the General Counsel and 
Company Secretary. The review involved a questionnaire seeking input on a range of topics 
including leadership, strategy, dynamics and culture. Compiled by Independent Audit 
Limited, a specialist corporate governance consultancy, the questionnaire was circulated 
to all board members, certain external advisers and a number of senior leaders who regularly 
present to us. Obtaining feedback from a wide range of stakeholders provides a more diverse 
perspective on the performance of the Board. The Chair discussed themes emerging from 
the questionnaire findings and individual performance with each board member. The results 
of the review were compiled by Independent Audit Limited, who produced a report for review 
by the Chair and the General Counsel and Company Secretary.
Outcome
The results of the self-assessment questionnaire indicate that the Board continues to perform 
well. There is a high degree of openness and trust between board members with a good level 
of debate. There was recognition of the Remuneration Committee’s work on communication, 
including externally, and the Audit Committee’s relationship with the external auditor was 
praised. The review highlighted the importance of having oversight of culture and ensuring 
that cyber risk remains an area of focus.
Board and committee effectiveness
The tables below provides an update on the progress made on the actions from our 2021/22 review and the actions agreed as part of the 2022/23 review:
2021/22 Action 2021/22 progress and insight
• Consider the output of the strategic review on the Board’s processes, including agenda planning  
and the skills of the Board members
• Board agendas have been refined to give more time to business updates, in order to update the Board 
on progress of our strategic milestones
• The Nomination Committee reviewed the board skills matrix and agreed this remained appropriate 
in light of the company’s refreshed strategy
• The Board approved a new delegated authorities framework to support more efficient decisions and 
to empower management
• Review how culture is monitored in order to drive our strategy • This action was deferred as we communicated our strategy to our people and engaged with our senior 
leaders on the values and behaviours needed to transform our business
• Review the principal risks and their prioritisation in light of the strategic review to continue to embed risk 
management across JM
• The principal risks were reviewed and revised by the Board to ensure they aligned to our strategy
• Clarify the roles and responsibilities of the Board committees with a particular focus on climate-related 
issues
• During 2022, a workshop including the Chief Financial Officer, Audit Committee Chair, Chief 
Sustainability Officer and Director of Risk and Assurance was held and the roles and responsibilities 
of each committee were clarified. The changes were incorporated in the respective committee terms 
of reference
• Create a greater focus on executive succession planning through the Nomination Committee • At its meeting in November 2022, the Nomination Committee undertook a detailed review of executive 
succession plans. This included a discussion of individuals who were “ready now” as well as potential 
successors in the medium and longer term
Action 2022/23 Responsibility
Review and discuss how cyber risk is managed and mitigated across the group Stephen Oxley
Discuss the approach to culture and agree the methodology of reviewing progress (deferred from 2021/22)Liam Condon
Secure more opportunities for board members to meet members of the senior leadership teams outside 
of formal board meetings
Nick Cooper
Review of the Chair’s performance
Led by John O’Higgins, the Senior Independent Director, the non-executive directors met without Patrick Thomas to discuss his performance as Chair. They considered he continues to provide 
robust leadership for the Board and facilitates open and constructive debate.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 87
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Established in 2021, the Societal Value Committee supports the Board by providing oversight, 
challenge and rigour to our sustainability strategy, diversity and inclusion agenda and ethical 
conduct. Following the Company’s strategic review, the Committee spent time discussing 
Johnson Matthey’s vision for sustainability and its importance in everything we do. Since her 
appointment as our first Chief Sustainability Officer in May 2022, Anne Chassagnette has 
worked closely with the Committee. Her in-depth experience in leading sustainable 
transitions has been a great resource for our discussions.
We ensure our sustainability goals and targets are focused on the areas where JM can have 
the greatest positive impact on society. Having updated our materiality assessment and in 
light of our refreshed strategy, the Committee recommended our 2030 goals be reorganised 
under two pillars, ‘Planet’ and ‘People’ and focus on ten public targets. 
As part of our ongoing review and monitoring of climate impacts, we approved a raised climate 
ambition to put us firmly on SBTi’s .5˚C pathway to net zero for 2029/30. This commits us 
to reducing Scope 1+2 and Scope 3 emissions by 42% by 2030, compared to 2019/20 levels.
Creating and embedding a sustainable culture across all areas of JM is hugely important. 
Diversity, inclusion and belonging is key to executing our strategy, leading to more innovation, 
high-performing teams and helping us attract and retain talent. During the year we reviewed 
progress and provided feedback on the roadmap to achieve our diversity and inclusion goals. 
We approved a standalone human rights policy, which defines our commitments to, and our 
expectations from, our colleagues and value chain partners.
At JM we uphold the highest ethical standards in everything we do, underpinned by our value, 
acting with integrity. The Committee is regularly updated on the plans and actions to embed 
an ethical culture. We discuss ethical dilemmas that arise and are briefed on notable ethics 
and compliance trends. The ethical dilemmas review actual JM fact patterns and provide recent 
examples of how we live by our values. We confront geopolitical and ethical issues involving 
sanctions and export controls on the world stage. This includes specific commercial opportunities 
where we have chosen to walk away, because they did not comply with our business ethics. 
The world is changing rapidly and as a committee, we need to consider different external 
perspectives, trends and the industry landscape. Through presentations and discussions with 
both internal and external experts, the Committee is kept informed of new developments and 
best practice in relevant areas under the societal value remit. During the year, we deepened 
relationships with external associations and think tanks, committed to advancing sustainable 
business priorities through presentations and discussions on global human rights, the EU plan 
for hydrogen and the impact of the US Inflation Reduction Act. 
The Committee has been impressed with progress made this year on embedding the sustainability 
strategy, driving the diversity and inclusion agenda, and ensuring high standards of ethical conduct.
Our internal committee effectiveness review showed that the Committee continues 
to operate effectively and has become more embedded into our governance framework. 
Jane Griffiths
Societal Value Committee Chair
Societal Value Committee report
“Our sustainability  
targets and goals are 
focused on the areas 
where we can make a 
real difference.”
Membership
The Committee comprises all members of the Board.
 Members’ attendance at committee meetings during the year is on page 75
Regular attendees at committee meetings
• Chief Sustainability Officer
• Chief HR Officer
• General Counsel and Company Secretary
• Group Sustainability Director
• Group Head of Ethics and Compliance
• Corporate Affairs Director
  The Committee’s Terms of Reference set out its full responsibilities  
matthey.com/governance-framework
Sustainability disclosures
The Committee reviewed and recommended to the Board the approval of the disclosures 
in the Sustainability report on pages 20 to 44, including our TCFD disclosures on 
pages 45 to 52.
 Sustainability Performance Data Book: matthey.com/sustainability-databook
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202388
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
The Committee’s role
Societal value covers a range of economic, social and environmental topics. Given the central role of sustainability to our overall strategy, the Committee was established to bring continued focus 
to this area. The Committee assists the Board in overseeing the group sustainability strategy, including net zero commitments and science-based greenhouse gas targets; driving a truly inclusive 
organisation; overseeing the group’s ethical conduct; and keeping up to date with societal value topics, including stakeholder expectations.
 More information on the governance of sustainability matters beyond the Committee can be found within our TCFD disclosures
How we delivered on our responsibilities
Sustainability Climate change Diversity and inclusion Ethics and compliance
What we did
• Oversaw plans and actions to execute the group 
sustainability strategy including 10 roadmaps 
to deliver on our 2030 target
• Discussed the results of an update to our 
third-party materiality assessment, validated 
our sustainability framework and refocused 
our 2030 targets
• Challenged sustainability performance data
• Reviewed the approach to communication 
on sustainability
• Reviewed the proposed approach on advocacy, 
including links with external organisations 
(e.g. trade associations)
• Received regular horizon scanning updates, 
competitor analysis and ESG benchmarking 
• Challenged and validated increasing our 
ambition for GHG emission reductions onto 
SBTi’s 1.5˚C pathway to net zero
• Reviewed our strategy’s product portfolio 
alignment with our company purpose of 
catalysing the net zero transition and estimated 
GHG emissions avoided by our product sales 
by 2030
• Agreed the application of internal carbon 
pricing for capital decisions
• Received updates on hydrogen geopolitics 
and legislative developments
• Reviewed our diversity and inclusion gender 
target for 2030 and actions to support 
its achievement
• Discussed the approach to employee 
engagement and areas for immediate focus
• Reviewed actions to continue promoting 
our ethical culture 
• Received updates on Speak Up themes 
and trends
• Discussed real examples of ethical dilemmas 
and how they were managed including actions 
on responsible sourcing
• Received an external presentation on global 
human rights and legislative developments
Outcomes
• Agreed the realignment of our sustainability 
goals to our strategy and recommended to the 
Board that our public targets for 2023 be 
refocused to 10 targets
• Agreed our new communications and advocacy 
approaches on sustainability
• Agreed and recommended to the 
Remuneration Committee sustainability targets 
for 2023 and the next three years for 
incorporation into our Performance Share Plan.
• Reviewed and recommended that the Board 
approve the sustainability section of the 
Annual Report
• Confirmed support for our updated 2030 
climate ambition in line with SBTi Net Zero 
Standard
• Reviewed and recommended that the Board 
approve the TCFD report
• Recommended GHG emissions targets be 
included within the Executive Directors’ 
Long-Term Incentive Share plan
• Challenged management on our diversity and 
inclusion target and provided feedback on ways 
to improve diversity, inclusion and belonging
• Reviewed and recommended that the Board 
approve the Modern Slavery Statement 
and Conflict Minerals Disclosure
• Approved a standalone Human Rights Policy
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 89
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Societal Value Committee report continued
Nomination Committee report
As we deliver our strategy and simplify our structure, the Committee has focused on the 
composition of the Board and the collective skills needed to oversee this transformation. 
We strengthened the Board’s composition with the appointment of Barbara Jeremiah 
as an independent Non-Executive Director. 
Having been a member of the Board for eight years, and chaired the Remuneration 
Committee for the last six, Chris Mottershead will retire from the Board in January 2024. 
The Committee has recommended, and the Board has approved the appointment of John 
O’Higgins as the new Chair of the Remuneration Committee, with effect from our 2023 AGM.
At the beginning of the year, the Committee oversaw several new appointments to the GLT, 
and changes to responsibilities of existing members, which were reported on in the 2022 
Annual Report and Accounts. 
Following this period of executive change, the Committee‘s activities in 2022/23 turned 
to executive succession. We need to ensure we have the right leaders, both now and in the 
future, to drive performance for the group’s long-term success. As part of these discussions, 
the Committee also recommended the promotion and appointment of Simon Price as 
General Counsel and Company Secretary, with effect from 7th June 2023, succeeding Nick 
Cooper. Nick will remain a member of the GLT and take on a new role as Global Business 
Services Director. 
In all the Committee’s decisions, we place great importance on diversity, inclusion and 
belonging. Our board and committee effectiveness review confirmed that our discussions 
are open and honest, with an atmosphere of trust. As a board, we must continue to make 
sure everyone is welcomed and able to be themselves across all areas of JM.
Patrick Thomas
Nomination Committee Chair
“We are committed to 
ensuring we have the 
right leaders to execute 
our strategy.” 
Membership
The Committee comprises the Chair and all independent non-executive directors.
Members’ attendance at committee meetings during the year is on page 75
Regular attendees at committee meetings
• Chief Executive Officer
• Chief HR Officer
  The Committee’s Terms of Reference set out its full responsibilities  
matthey.com/governance-framework
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202390
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
How we delivered on our responsibilities
Board composition Tenure of directors Election of directors Succession planning  
and senior leadership 
appointments
Talent management 
framework
Diversity and inclusion Performance and 
effectiveness review
What we did
• Discussed and 
recommended 
proposed appointments 
to the Board and 
its committees 
• Discussed and reviewed 
the tenure of directors
• Evaluated the 
performance of 
individual board 
members, their 
contributions to the 
Board, tenure and time 
commitment
• Reviewed the 
succession plans for the 
most senior roles and 
ensured plans were in 
place to meet future 
succession needs
• Reviewed and discussed 
the approach to talent 
and leadership 
development plans for 
the GLT and senior 
leaders
• Reviewed the directors’ 
skills, experience and 
diversity through 
self-assessment, to 
identify areas for 
development
• Reviewed our Board 
Diversity Policy
• Considered the 
outcomes of the 
internal effectiveness 
review with regard 
to board composition, 
talent management 
and succession 
planning
Outcomes
• Approved the 
appointment of 
Barbara Jeremiah as 
an independent 
Non-Executive Director 
from 1st July 2023 and 
Senior Independent 
Director from 20th 
July 2023
• Approved the 
appointment of John 
O’Higgins as Chair of 
our Remuneration 
Committee from 
20th July 2023
• Approved the 
appointment of Simon 
Price as General 
Counsel and Company 
Secretary from 7th 
June 2023
• Recommended the 
re-appointment of 
Doug Webb and Jane 
Griffiths for a further 
three-year term, 
subject to annual 
re-election by 
shareholders
• Recommended that  
the Chair and all 
directors are elected  
or re-elected at the 
2023 AGM
• Oversaw the 
appointments of Anne 
Chassagnette, Anish 
Taneja, Mark Wilson 
and Simon Price as 
members of the GLT
• Non-executive directors 
challenged and provided 
feedback on the key 
activities to strengthen 
the talent pipeline
• Identified areas for 
development to ensure 
the directors can drive 
our strategic priorities
• Agreed an updated 
Board Diversity Policy 
reflecting our 
commitments to 
maintain a level of 33% 
of females appointed to 
the Board and at least 
one director from an 
ethnic minority group
• Agreed that the board 
skills matrix remained 
appropriate in light of 
our refreshed strategy
• Agreed to review the 
approach to executive 
succession planning
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 91
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Nomination Committee report continued
Succession planning
The Committee ensures we are led by a diverse, high-quality board, with the appropriate 
skills, knowledge and experience to support the group’s strategic priorities. This includes 
overseeing succession plans for all board roles. In accordance with the Code, the Committee 
monitors the tenure of JM’s non-executive directors against the recommended nine-year term 
to ensure an orderly succession. The tenures of our non-executive directors, Senior 
Independent Director and the Chair are on page 75.
Non-Executive
By January 2024, Chris Mottershead will have achieved a nine-year tenure on the Board.  
In anticipation of his retirement, the Committee discussed the roles and responsibilities  
of the board members. 
Having reviewed the skills and expertise of the current board members, we recommended 
that a further non-executive director be appointed to the Board as Senior Independent 
Director. The Committee sought an individual with strong leadership experience, experience 
of delivering transformation programmes and an understanding of the US commercial 
market. Egon Zehnder, a third-party search and recruitment specialist, assisted with the 
search. Following evaluation of the final short list of candidates, the Committee 
recommended Barbara Jeremiah’s appointment. It was felt that Barbara’s understanding of 
metals, along with her investor experience, would enhance the Board’s deliberations.
Executive
The Committee also oversees succession planning for senior leadership roles and talent 
development to build capability for the future. Our senior leaders are a source of future GLT 
and board talent, with some of our most recent GLT appointments progressing through this 
route. The Committee reviews, at least annually, the existing formal succession plan against 
the internal talent pipeline of candidates, for immediate and medium to longer-term 
movement into key leadership roles. This is routinely challenged to understand the breadth 
of potential and to balance internal succession planning with the need for external perspectives.
During the year, Egon Zehnder provided senior-level recruitment services, including 
assessment and people development services. It has no other connection with the Company 
or any other directors.
Board skills
We regularly assess the Board’s collective skillset by asking each non-executive director to 
identify their strengths, scoring their level of expertise on a scale of one to five. The table on 
page 75 shows the skills held by our non-executive directors that are most relevant to their 
role at Johnson Matthey. This assessment helps us identify any gaps that can be addressed 
through future appointments or additional training.
Board inductions
All new directors receive a tailored induction programme upon joining the Board.  
The diagram below shows some of the key activities that are undertaken by all new 
directors. 
Visits to our key 
sites to meet 
employees
Meeting key 
customers
Meeting the 
external 
auditor, brokers 
and company 
advisers
Training on 
health and 
safety and 
compliance 
topics
Financial 
briefings
Introductions to 
the businesses 
and leadership 
teams
Pre-reading 
board and 
relevant 
committee 
papers
Briefings on 
directors’ duties
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202392
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Nomination Committee report continued
Diversity and inclusion
The Committee continues to drive the diversity agenda across JM. A diverse and inclusive 
organisation is fundamental to our vision, and our Board Diversity Policy ensures that the 
tone is set from the top. 
At the beginning of the year, the Committee reviewed our Board Diversity Policy and 
refreshed its objectives to maintain:
• 33% female representation on the Board
• One director from an ethnic minority group. 
Throughout the year and as of 31st March 2023, these targets were successfully met. 
Details of gender and ethnic representation as prescribed by Listing Rule 9.8.6 are set out 
in the tables on this page. The Board and GLT members confirmed their gender and ethnicity 
for the purpose of collecting this data. 
 Board Diversity Policy: matthey.com/board-diversity
As at 31st March 2023, the Board does not fully comply with the new board diversity targets 
set by the FCA for at least 40% of individuals on the board to be women, and for one of the 
senior board positions (Chair, Chief Executive Officer, Senior Independent Director or Chief 
Financial Officer) to be held by a woman. Following the appointment of Barbara as Non-
Executive Director on 1st July 2023 and her appointment as Senior Independent Director from 
20th July 2023, female representation on the Board will meet the FCA targets and exceed 
those set out in our current Board Diversity Policy. 
We are pleased that the Board’s composition meets the FCA’s ethnicity target to have one 
member of the board from a minority ethnic group. The Committee intends to review the 
Board Diversity Policy in 2023/24 and will set new targets. 
All of our non-executive directors are members of each committee, which provides the most 
diverse perspective and assists our decision making in these forums. 
The Board also supports the terms of the Enhanced Voluntary Code of Conduct for executive 
search firms. All our appointed executive search firms are required to secure a diverse longlist 
of candidates, including Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic talent. 
Beyond the Board, we aspire to have gender balance across all levels of the group. One of our 
key milestones is to achieve greater than 40% of female representation across professional 
management by 2030. While gender diversity has improved, we want to accelerate the pace 
of change. Further details on how we are improving gender diversity across the group, the 
gender balance of senior management and our Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging Policy are 
set out on pages 36 to 37.
Gender representation as at 31st March 2023
Number of 
board members
% of the Board Number of 
senior board 
positions (CEO, 
CFO, SID, Chair)
Number in 
executive 
management
% of executive 
management
Men 6 67 4 9 75
Women 3 33 0 3 25
Other categories 0 0 0 0 0
Not specified / prefer  
not to disclose
0 0 0 0 0
Ethnic representation as at 31st March 2023
Number of 
board members
% of the Board Number of 
senior board 
positions (CEO, 
CFO, SID, Chair)
Number in 
executive 
management
% of executive 
management
White British or other White 
(including minority-white 
groups)
8 89 4 10 84
Mixed/Multiple Ethnic 
Groups
0 0 0 1 8
Asian/Asian British 1 11 0 1 8
Black/African/ Caribbean/
Black British
0 0 0 0 0
Other ethnic group, 
including Arab
0 0 0 0 0
Not specified/ prefer not to say 0 0 0 0 0
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 93
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Nomination Committee report continued
The Audit Committee forms a critical part of the overall framework of corporate governance 
for JM. We are responsible for overseeing the financial reporting, internal financial controls, 
internal control and risk management systems, and maintaining an appropriate relationship 
with the external auditors. 
The Committee supports the Board by obtaining assurances that controls are working 
as designed and by challenging those assurances. We receive and consider reports from 
management on the effectiveness of the systems that have been established, to ensure that 
both JM’s management and PwC, our external auditor, are appropriately challenged and held 
to account. Management and PwC have again worked hard during 2022/23 to maintain 
the ongoing integrity of our financial reporting, and I have continued to hold regular dialogue 
with management, the Group Assurance and Risk Director, and PwC.
The last three years have seen Covid-19, the Russia/Ukraine conflict and other issues cause 
political and economic turmoil. This has put significant pressure on the risk environment and 
companies’ financial reporting processes. Accordingly, we have continued to focus on 
financial reporting and related internal control risks as well as ensuring the company 
maintains a strong performance on ethics, compliance and audit quality.  
The focus of assurance activities during the year has been post Covid-19 controls’ culture 
across the group’s locations and key strategic and emerging risks. In this context, 
a comprehensive improvement programme across JM’s financial and operational controls, 
including raising awareness and simplifying requirements, has been established and is 
sponsored by the Group’s Chief Financial Officer. Within Group Assurance and Risk (GAR) 
a new form of site extended audit covers several core processes based on an assessment of 
risk, to provide assurance on the control environment and framework at site level. These 
typically cover design and effectiveness of operating controls, including Internal Controls 
for Financial Reporting (ICFR), metal controls, procurement, ethics and compliance, business 
continuity planning, security, and technology controls. It has been important to validate these 
controls following the return to site post Covid-19 pandemic and to respond to new risks 
occurring at unprecedented speeds and various pressures on our entities. These audits also 
provide insight on the culture found at the site.
Flexibility of our assurance plans has proven helpful during the year, especially in the context 
of emerging risks in the fast-moving external environment. The GAR team has been providing 
live assurance as part of various business-led task forces, such as JM’s energy resilience in response 
to the conflict in the Ukraine. Specific focus has been dedicated to our sustainability agenda, 
an area of increasing importance from an assurance perspective. Our internal audit activity has 
been focused on driving improvements in quality of the data and management reviews.
Audit Committee report
“ The Committee’s work 
provides a focus to ensure 
robust controls support 
the execution of our 
group strategy”
Membership
The Audit Committee comprises all independent non-executive directors. Doug Webb, 
our Committee Chair, is a chartered accountant who brings a wealth of recent and 
relevant financial experience, including acting as Chief Financial Officer at the London 
Stock Exchange Group, QinetiQ and Meggitt.
  Members’ attendance at committee meetings during the year is on page 75.
Other regular attendees at committee meetings
• Chair of the Board
• Chief Executive Officer
• Chief Financial Officer
• General Counsel and Company Secretary
• Group Assurance and Risk Director
• Director of Group Finance
• PwC Audit Partner
  The Committee’s Terms of Reference set out its full responsibilities.  
matthey.com/governance-framework
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202394
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
During the year, we looked at the anticipated impact and readiness of our internal controls 
financial reporting framework and fraud risk management programme. We examined these 
factors in relation to the recommendations of the Department for Business, Energy and 
Industrial Strategy (BEIS) white paper on restoring trust in audit and corporate governance. 
The position paper issued by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in July 2022 proposed that 
the revised UK Corporate Governance Code will apply on or after 1st January 2024. For us this 
will apply to the financial year ending 31st March 2025. With ongoing work to strengthen our 
internal control environment and address additional reporting requirements, we concluded 
that existing procedures, our in-progress work on controls and other areas of change, would 
meet evolving corporate governance requirements. We await additional clarification on some 
requirements, and these are subject to ongoing monitoring by group and business 
management.
To address the anticipated changes, the outcome of our review on the key changes and 
impact for JM is as follows:
• Statement on internal controls – substantial work has been carried out over recent years 
to improve JM’s overall control environment and provide sufficient evidence that controls 
are operating effectively, using JMProtect, our integrated governance, risk and compliance 
platform
• Resilience Statement – updated requirements are expected to be substantially covered 
by work already performed to support the existing disclosures in the  Viability Statement 
on page 70
• Dividends and capital maintenance – existing disclosures will be reviewed once guidance 
is available from the FRC
• Audit and Assurance Policy (AAP) – the Committee approved an internal policy drafted by 
the GAR team, with cross-functional support. Committee reviews began at the end of 2022 
and take account of guidance from the FRC
• Fraud Statement – an assessment of fraud risks, current detection, and prevention 
mechanisms, reporting and documentation of associated controls was completed in 2022. 
Fraud training for JM’s extended finance community began in 2022. A regular governance 
mechanism was established via monthly Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) 
committee meetings. A fraud risk policy will be incorporated into the AAP, and fully 
integrated into JMProtect.
The Committee also reviewed the key changes and impact for JM of the new requirements 
for auditors and the regulator. We will assess this area in more detail once the FRC issues 
more guidance.
In 2022, the group refreshed its sustainability goals and 2030 targets. ESG data in annual 
reports is coming under increasing scrutiny as the investor community relies on it to evaluate 
the value proposition of listed companies. We are conscious of the need for transparency, 
accuracy and the avoidance of overstating our performance in these measures. We reviewed 
the group’s processes for ESG data management and independent assurance for the Task 
Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). The Committee also reviewed a final 
report of JM’s 2022 sustainability audit, carried out by our internal audit team. The purpose 
was to understand and review the processes for generating data for the products and services 
sustainability targets and metrics, and to assess the efficiency and effectiveness of any second 
line review controls. During the year, the Committee reviewed our Climate-related Assurance 
Plan for 2023. A workshop was held with management, internal audit and myself to define 
our longer term assurance expectation over its sustainability data, the output of which was 
reported to the Committee. This resulted in a sustainability assurance framework, and also 
clarified the roles and responsibilities of each of the Audit Committee and the Societal Value 
Committee (SVC). The SVC oversees the delivery of our sustainability strategy and determines  
the related KPI’s to be reported, and the Audit Committee is responsible for the quality of the 
data in the sustainability reporting.
The FRC’s Audit Quality Review (AQR) report, following inspection of PwC’s 2022 audit of JM, 
was completed in early January 2023 and the Committee reviewed the detailed findings. 
Following receipt of the report, we discussed the findings with PwC, none of which were 
considered significant. Recommendations have been built into ongoing processes and the 
Committee was satisfied with the external auditor’s commitment to audit quality, the robust 
and professional working relationship with management, and demonstration of strong 
technical knowledge. The Committee considered whether the report gave us any concern 
about the quality of the 2022 audit and associated report, and we concluded that it did not.
I am pleased that our internal committee effectiveness review this year confirmed that 
the Committee continues to operate well and remains informed of relevant changes 
and developments in the external audit market. We have identified areas for further 
improvement, including focusing on reviewing our fitness for purpose and approach; 
the effectiveness and impact of the overall risk management framework and activity; 
and focusing on the future development and effectiveness of the internal audit function.
Doug Webb
Audit Committee Chair
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 95
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Audit Committee Report continued
How we delivered on our responsibilities
Our responsibility What we did Outcomes
Published financial information
Monitoring the integrity 
of the reported financial 
information and 
reviewing significant 
financial considerations 
and judgements.
• Reviewed, discussed and challenged management’s reports on the group’s full-year results and half-year 
results, and considered the significant accounting policies, principal estimates and accounting 
judgements used in their preparation.
• Reviewed the matters, assumptions and sensitivities in support of preparing the accounts on a going 
concern basis and assessed the long-term viability of the group.
• Considered the impact of scenario testing on financial disclosures in relation to TCFD.
• Reviewed the financial reporting framework of the Company’s financial statements.
• Assessed the process management used to support the Board when giving its assurance that the 2023 
Annual Report and Accounts, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable (FBU).
• Reviewed reports from the General Counsel and Company Secretary on group litigation and disputes.
• Reviewed reports on credit controls and credit risks.
• Approved the Audit Committee report within the 2023 Annual Report and Accounts.
• Reviewed elements of the 2023 Annual Report and Accounts.
• Reviewed and discussed the results of the Committee’s assessment of its effectiveness. 
• Recommended the approval of the half-year and full-year results to the 
Board, following a thorough review, and challenging management 
assumptions.
• Recommended to the Board the going concern and viability statements 
following an in-depth review and assessment of scenarios with 
management.
• Determined that the FBU process undertaken by management for the 
Annual Report and Accounts was effective.
• Reviewed credit controls and risks in the context of continuous challenging 
market conditions.
• Discussed the outcome of an internal evaluation and concluded that the 
Committee continued to be effective.
• Recommended to the Board the approval of elements of the 2023 Annual 
Report and Accounts.
Risk management and internal control
Reviewing the group’s 
internal financial controls 
and its risk management 
systems and monitoring 
the effectiveness of the 
group assurance function.
• Received reports from the Group Assurance and Risk Director on group assurance, risk reviews and risk 
management processes.
• Monitored progress against the 2022/23 group assurance and risk plan.
• Agreed the 2023/24 group assurance and risk plan.
• Considered changes to internal control weaknesses brought to the Committee’s attention by PwC.
• Reviewed an assessment of the results and further improvements in the overall internal control 
environment of the internal control self-assessments.
• Challenged management to enhance the assurance processes supporting sustainability sections in the 
Annual Report.
• Monitored the effectiveness of the GAR function.
• Reviewed precious metal governance.
• Carried out a deep-dive into liquidity risk-based methodology.
• Received presentations from the security team, and reports on finance and controls from the business 
finance directors.
• Reviewed fraud risk and fraud investigations including those raised via the Speak Up process.
• Met the Group Assurance and Risk Director without management present.
• Reviewed a summarised appraisal of the group’s year-end control environment to assess any control 
issues identified.
• Assessed the anticipated impact of, and JM readiness for, recommendations resulting from the BEIS 
‘Restoring trust in audit and governance’ white paper.
• Reviewed our internal AAP.
• Reviewed the Committee’s Terms of Reference.
• Determined that risk management and internal controls effectively meet 
the group’s needs and manage risk exposure.
• Challenged management to resolve any issues relating to internal controls 
and risk management systems.
• Approved the change to the metal liquidity risk methodology in the group’s 
Precious Metals policy. 
• Continue to monitor emerging regulatory developments and assess 
applicability of any new guidance to JM. 
• Agreed with management’s determination that there were no significant 
control weaknesses or lack of adherence to policies and procedures 
identified.
• The Committee made no changes to its terms of reference during the year.
• Approved JM’s internal AAP.
• Approved the Sustainability Assurance Framework. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202396
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Audit Committee Report continued
Our responsibility What we did Outcomes
Our external auditor
Overseeing the relationship with 
the external auditor, monitoring 
the external auditors’ independence 
and objectivity, approving its fees, 
recommending its re-appointment 
or not, and ensuring it delivers a 
high-quality effective audit, based 
on a sound plan.
• Considered reports from PwC including their views on our accounting judgements and  
control observations.
• Monitored the transition to the new lead audit partner to ensure it was effective.
• Met PwC without management present.
• Considered and reviewed indicators of audit quality.
• Assessed PwC’s independence and objectivity.
• Reviewed the non-audit fees incurred during the year and the non-audit fee policy.
• Reviewed the inspection of PwC’s audit of our financial statements for the year ended 31st 
March 2022 and discussed with PwC the actions to be taken in response to the findings.
• Oversight of recommendations from PwC’s FRC AQR being built into ongoing processes.
• Approved, after due challenge and discussion, PwC’s audit plan and fees 
for 2022/23.
• Determined a good-quality, comprehensive audit was completed, following 
a review of PwC’s regular reports to the Committee, the outcome of PwC’s 
FRC AQR, and feedback from the Independent Quality Review Partner.
• Recommended the re-appointment of PwC as auditor.
• Approved the non-audit fee policy.
Financial reporting
Significant issues considered by the committee in relation to the group’s and company’s accounts
It is a fundamental part of the committee’s role that we act independently from management to ensure that the interests of shareholders are properly protected in relation to financial reporting. 
When the accounts are being prepared, there are areas where management exercises a particular judgement or degree of estimation. The committee assesses whether the judgements and 
estimates made by management are reasonable and appropriate. In the process of applying the group’s accounting policies, management also makes judgements and estimates that have a 
significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements. The group’s key accounting judgements discussed and challenged by the Audit Committee are set out below.
Significant current year considerations in relation to the accounts Work undertaken / outcome
Major impairment and restructuring activities 
Key judgements in relation to impairment testing relate 
primarily to estimates in assessing recoverable value.
Key judgements in relation to restructuring provisions 
related to estimates of future cost.
We received a report from management which explains the basis of recognition and estimate for impairments and 
restructuring costs. The report also detailed how transformation-related costs were reconciled back to previously announced 
transformation programmes. 
We challenged the rationale behind the presentation of the costs as non-underlying, with particular focus on areas that 
required judgement around recognition.
We concluded that management has appropriately accounted for and disclosed the impacts from major impairment and 
restructuring activities (see note 6 in the annual report).
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 97
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Audit Committee Report continued
Significant current year considerations in relation to the accounts Work undertaken/outcome
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings
Significant progress was made during the year with the 
settlement of legal proceedings requiring accounting 
consideration.
We received a report from management which summarised the outcomes and accounting implications for legal proceedings, 
one of which was settled in the year at a loss of £25 million. The report also detailed the nature of other key legal provisions.
We agreed with management’s rationale behind the presentation of the loss as non-underlying.
Profit on disposal of businesses and businesses classified 
as “held for sale”.
Key judgements in relation to assessing the fair value 
less costs to sell of businesses classified as “held for sale”.
We reviewed and discussed the accounting for the following disposals:
On 1st June 2022, the group completed the sale of its Health business for a consideration of £325 million.
On 26th May 2022, the group completed the sale of part of its Battery Materials UK business for a consideration of £20 million.
On 1st November 2022, the group completed the sale of its Battery Materials Canada business for a cash consideration of 
£12 million.
On 31st January 2023, the group completed the sale of its Piezo Products business for a consideration of £18 million.
We concluded that management’s key assumptions and disclosures on the profit on disposal of businesses above were 
reasonable and appropriate. 
We also considered the assessment in arriving at the fair value of the Diagnostics Services (Tracerco), Battery Materials 
Germany and Poland businesses and noted that classifications as “held for sale” were appropriate. 
Impairment of goodwill, other intangibles and other assets
Key judgements are made in determining the appropriate 
level of cash generating unit (CGU) for the group’s 
impairment analysis. Key estimates are made in relation 
to the assumptions used in calculating discounted cash 
flow projections to value the CGUs containing goodwill, 
to value other intangible assets not yet being amortised, 
and to value other assets when there are indications that 
they may be impaired. The key assumptions are 
management’s estimates of budgets and plans for how the 
relevant businesses will develop or how the relevant assets 
will be used in the future, as well as discount rates and 
long-term average growth rates for each CGU.
We reviewed a report from management explaining the methodology used, assumptions made and significant changes from 
those used in prior years. In light of the current volatile macroeconomic environment, including high inflation, interest rates 
and increased energy costs, management considered impact within underlying forecasts and discount rates. 
We challenged management on the rationale behind the key assumptions and sensitivities such as discount rates and growth 
rates in the goodwill value in use calculations, especially within Clean Air and Catalyst Technologies to ensure we were satisfied 
on their reasonableness.
The impairment reviews were an area of focus for PwC who reported their findings to us. 
We concluded that management’s key assumptions and disclosures are reasonable and appropriate.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 202398
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Audit Committee Report continued
Significant current year considerations in relation to the accounts Work undertaken/outcome
Refining process and stock takes
When agreeing commercial terms with customers and 
establishing process loss provisions, key estimates are 
made of the amount of precious metal that may be lost 
during the refining and fabrication processes. Refining 
stocktakes involve key estimates regarding the volumes 
of precious metal-bearing material in the refining system 
and the subsequent sampling and assaying to assess the 
precious metal content.
We received a report from management which summarises the results of the material refinery stock takes. The report 
was reviewed to ensure that the results were in line with expectations and historic trends.
The refining process and stock takes were an area of focus for PwC who reported their findings to us.
We concluded that management’s accounting for refining stock take gains and losses was in accordance with the agreed 
methodology.
Post-employment benefits
Key estimates are made in relation to the assumptions 
used to value post-employment benefit obligations, 
including the discount rate and inflation.
The key assumptions are based on recommendations from 
independent qualified actuaries.
We received a report from management which summarises the key assumptions used to value the liabilities of the main 
post-employment benefit plans. The assumptions were compared with those made by other companies and PwC’s assessment 
of the reasonableness of the assumptions was considered.
We concluded that the assumptions used, and accounting treatment, are appropriate for the group’s post-employment benefit 
plans.
Tax provisions
Key estimates are made in determining the tax charge 
in the accounts where the precise impact of tax laws and 
regulations is unclear.
We received a report from management which explains the issues in dispute, or at risk of this, with tax authorities across the 
business, the calculation of tax provisions and relevant disclosures. We also considered the sensitivities around the provisions 
and debated the circumstances in arriving at the key provisions.
Tax provisioning was an area of focus for PwC who reported their findings to us.
We concluded that management’s key assumptions and disclosures are reasonable and appropriate.
Climate change
Key estimates are made in relation to climate change and 
the impact on the going concern period and viability of the 
period over the next three years. Additionally, the potential 
impact of climate on the financial statements including 
forecasts of cash flows used in impairment assessments, 
recoverability of deferred tax assets and expected lives 
of fixed assets and their exposure to the physical risk posed 
by climate change.
We received a report from management which summarises the potential impacts of climate change to the business. This was 
based on a Zurich insurers report commissioned in 2021/22. Management has considered the impact of climate change in 
their goodwill impairment calculations and going concern/viability forecasts.
We concluded that management’s key assumptions and disclosures are reasonable and appropriate.
We also received a report outlining how TCFD considerations are factored into the financial statements.
Provisions and contingent liabilities (judgement)
Key estimates are made in determining provisions in the 
accounts for disputes and claims which arise from time to 
time in the ordinary course of business. Key judgements 
are made in determining appropriate disclosures in respect 
of contingent liabilities.
We received a report from management which provides information in respect of disputes and claims and identifies the 
accounting and disclosure implications which were challenged and discussed. The report included an assessment of a claim from 
the purchaser of the Health business. This was supported by the group’s advisors whom we also discussed the matter with. 
We concurred with management’s conclusions regarding provisioning and contingent liability disclosures.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 99
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Audit Committee Report continued
Going concern and viability statement
We reviewed the matters, assumptions and sensitivities being used to assess both the going 
concern basis and the long-term viability of the group. This included assessing risks that 
would threaten our business model, current funding position as well as different stress 
scenarios and mitigating actions. Further details on our going concern and viability, and the 
scenarios considered, are on page 70.
Following our review and recommendation, the Board concluded that Johnson Matthey 
is able to continue operating and can meet liabilities over at least three years, which remains 
the most appropriate timespan.
Fair, balanced and understandable (FBU)
We review and assess management’s process to support the Board, so it can give its assurance 
that the 2023 Annual Report and Accounts, taken as a whole, is FBU and provides the 
information necessary for shareholders to assess JM’s position and performance, business 
model and strategy.
Management selected three individuals from across the group to form an FBU panel and carry 
out a detailed review of the Annual Report. To maintain objectivity, the FBU panel members 
were not involved in drafting the 2023 Annual Report and Accounts, but all were familiar 
with our strategy and business model. The panel members were also briefed on the role and 
provided with detailed notes on what to consider during their review. The FBU panel, PwC 
and Annual Report project team determined whether key messages aligned with the group’s 
position, performance and strategy, and whether the narrative sections and financial 
statements were consistent.
The FBU panel presented a report to the Board, highlighting the key themes from the review 
and discussion points. The Disclosure Committee reviewed the verification process dealing 
with the report’s factual content to further support the Board’s review.
Risk management and internal control
The Committee reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of control and risk management 
systems. These controls are a critical component of our governance and assurance 
framework, and they detail the minimum controls we need to keep our people safe, ensure 
compliance with our standards and regulations, protect our physical and intellectual assets, 
and facilitate the accuracy and completeness of financial reporting. During the year, the 
Committee assessed the effectiveness of these controls, considered the key identified control 
gaps, and assessed how management planned to address the findings.
The Group Assurance and Risk Director independently assures that our risk management 
and internal control processes operate effectively. Working closely with leadership and 
management, she provides regular oversight of risk matters that affect our business, makes 
recommendations to address key issues, and ensures that any mitigating actions are properly 
tracked, challenged and reported. During the year, our co-sourcing partnership with Deloitte 
ensured we had access to additional specialist skills and expertise.
The group’s internal controls over financial reporting include policies and procedures 
designed to ensure the accuracy of our financial statements. JM’s control self-assessment and 
business filing assurance processes provide management with a view of the operation of these 
controls. The results are presented to the Committee as part of their assessment of the 
year-end control environment. 
The Committee is satisfied that the group’s internal financial controls operated effectively 
throughout the year and up to the date of approval of this report. However, these controls 
do not provide absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss and are assessed 
based on materiality and level of activities within the business.
Operation of controls and assurance
There is an ongoing comprehensive improvement programme across JM’s financial and 
operational controls including control self-assessment which replaced our key control 
questionnaire. While this has led to positive development in our internal controls over 
financial reporting, we will continue to make improvements in this area.    
During the year, we spent time reviewing the control strategy, which focused on several 
cultural and operational factors to ensure JM’s readiness for the enhanced reporting 
on the operating effectiveness of controls expected to be required from 2024/25. To provide 
management with independent assurance over the effectiveness of the control self-
assessment process, structured, internal controls testing will be introduced from 2024.
Group assurance and risk
The Group Assurance and Risk Director provides regular reports on internal audit reviews, 
including key findings, actions needed and progress on their implementation. We focus 
on local, business and executive managers’ engagement levels in implementing corrective 
actions and in strengthening the control framework across all our sites. The focus of 
assurance activities during the year has been on post Covid-19 controls’ culture across the 
group’s locations and key strategic and emerging risks. Establishing site extended audits 
re-evaluated and re-assessed how our businesses adjusted to the new realities and how the 
control mindset has been applied across a selection of our sites. It was expected that in this 
changed landscape, the audits would uncover some weaknesses; however they have also 
allowed us to see how the businesses have managed the challenges caused by the 
extraordinary measures implemented during that period. One issue highlighted was the need 
for further training and awareness around certain controls, systems and simplification of 
processes. The comprehensive improvement programme across our financial and operational 
controls, sponsored by the CFO, has been established to raise awareness and simplify the 
requirements. The GAR team has also undertaken various ‘lessons learnt’ activities, including 
for major business decisions and capital investment projects. The recommendations have 
been captured and are being implemented by the business and transformation office. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023100
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Audit Committee Report continued
We continually review the effectiveness of the GAR function, using inputs including audit 
reports, management’s response to audit actions and discussions over risk exposures. We look 
at whether the function has adequate standing across the group, is free from management 
influence or other restrictions and is sufficiently resourced.
An independent external quality assessment (EQA) of the Internal Audit function within 
GAR was undertaken by EY last year. As a result, the function has worked through the actions 
agreed to ensure it has become better aligned with the changing shape of the group. This is 
a continuous activity for the function, underpinned by regular dialogue with management, 
external auditors, and benchmarking within industry and beyond.
The integrated assurance mapping allows us to have a fuller understanding and visibility 
of risk coverage in a consistent manner across the organisation. We aim to have a clearly 
articulated link between levels of assurance and risk appetite across key organisational 
and strategic risks.
Group assurance and risk annual plan
We review the GAR annual plan to ensure that it reflects challenges and changes to our 
business. We are confident that it provides the appropriate level of assurance over the group’s 
key risks.
When we reviewed the 2023/24 plan, we specifically considered whether it provided the level 
of assurance over JM’s principal and operational risks and continues to contribute to the 
improvement in our overall controls culture and maturity of the second line of defence. 
The GAR annual plan is based on a risk-based audit universe covering areas of risk across 
financial and operational functions including IT and transformation activities at group and 
business levels. We consider a wide range of risks that fall into those areas including level of 
change and transformation in the group and organisational culture. Close collaboration with 
the business ensures it adds value to management with pragmatic and manageable action 
plans. The plan also allows greater flexibility to ensure that the GAR team has capacity to deal 
with unexpected events.
We believe our 2023/24 assurance plans are adequate for JM’s size and nature. It is our 
opinion they will continue to provide the group with necessary focus on maturing controls 
culture across business and IT processes. The quality and standing of GAR function is 
appropriate to provide necessary challenge and support to the transforming organisation.
Risk management
We work with the Board to review and refine the risk assurance processes – including the 
integrated assurance framework and control self-assessment. We concentrate on reviewing 
the mitigating controls and the levels of assurance, while the Board is directly responsible 
for managing risks and establishing levels of risk appetite for the group’s principal risks.
The GAR function carries out any additional assurance and reports back to the Committee.
Speak Up process
Every year, we review our Speak Up whistleblowing process to ensure procedures are 
proportionate and independent. We reviewed the process and agreed that the procedures 
allow proportionate and independent investigation and appropriate effective follow-up 
action. We report the findings of this review to the Board as appropriate. The Societal Value 
Committee reviews the outcomes of significant investigations and remedial actions.
 More information on Speak Up can be found on page 42
External auditor
Auditor independence is an essential part of our audit framework and the assurance it provides.  
We confirm ongoing compliance with the Competition and Markets Authority’s Statutory 
Audit Services Order. 
Tenure
Our shareholders appointed PwC as the group’s external auditor in July 2018, following a formal 
tender process. This is the fifth year that PwC has audited the group, with Graham Parsons 
as current lead audit partner. We have no immediate plans to retender the auditor; however 
we anticipate that it would be carried out to coincide with when Graham Parsons is required 
to rotate off after the 2027 audit, in accordance with the current regulation that requires 
a tender every ten years. The proposed tender date is in the best interests of shareholders 
and the Company as PwC has a detailed knowledge of our business, an understanding of our 
industry, and continues to demonstrate that it has the necessary expertise and capability to 
undertake the audit.
External audit plan
In developing the external audit plan for 2023, PwC carried out a risk assessment to identify 
potential risks of material misstatement in the financial statements. This risk assessment 
considered the nature, magnitude and likelihood of each identified risk, together with 
relevant controls, to identify audit risks. Graham Parsons reviewed the plan with a fresh 
perspective on the risk assessment. PwC refer to key audit matters in the independent 
auditors’ report on pages 133 to 143, which formed the basis of the external audit plan. 
In determining the scope of coverage, PwC considered management reporting, the group’s 
legal entity structure, the 2022 financial results and the financial forecast for 2023. PwC set 
out details of the coverage and the agreed scope in the independent auditors’ report on page 
133. The methodology of assessing materiality was consistent with the prior year and agreed 
at approximately 5% of the three-year average profit before tax adjusted for loss on business 
disposals, loss on significant legal proceedings, major impairment and restructuring charges.
Following discussion and challenge, we concluded the proposed external audit plan was 
sufficiently comprehensive for the audit of the group’s accounts and approved the proposed fee.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 101
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Audit Committee Report continued
How we review PwC’s performance
Throughout the year, we review the ongoing effectiveness and quality of PwC and the audit 
process. We look at several factors: the auditors’ reports to the Committee; Graham Parsons 
and the PwC team’s performance in and outside committee meetings; how the PwC team 
interacts with and challenges management; and on PwC’s efforts at building relationships 
with our Internal Audit team. We ensure that we spend sufficient time with the auditors 
without management present as part of our assessment.
We considered how PwC challenged management’s judgements and assumptions on matters 
highlighted on pages 98 and 99, and asked PwC to confirm if those matters had been 
addressed correctly by management. Following detailed analysis of the assurance completed, 
PwC agreed with management’s judgements and assumptions.
We seek direct feedback from the independent Quality Review Partner to review its assessment 
of PwC’s key planning judgements and the execution of PwC’s response to significant risks and 
reporting. We also ask PwC to share with us the results of their internal quality inspections of the 
audit as well as those conducted by the FRC. In addition, we feel it is important to understand 
management’s opinion of audit quality and effectiveness: the executive directors and senior 
management complete a questionnaire on the external auditor each year.
Provision of non-audit services
Our Non-Audit Services Policy ensures the provision of non-audit services is no threat to PwC’s 
independence and objectivity as an auditor. In accordance with the FRC’s Revised Ethical 
Standard 2019, the auditor can only provide additional services directly linked to the audit.
Our policy sets out how approval should be obtained before PwC is engaged to provide a 
permitted non-audit service. Services likely to cost £25,000 or less must be approved by the 
Chief Financial Officer; services likely to cost more than £25,000 but less than £100,000 must 
be approved by the Committee Chair. Services likely to cost over £100,000 must be approved 
by the Committee.
We reviewed compliance with the Non-Audit Services Policy, the provision of non-audit 
services, details of the non-audit services provided by PwC and associated fees. Audit-related 
assurance services reported as non-audit services related to the review of half-year financial 
information and reporting, amounting to £325,000, other non-audit services in the year 
were £28,200, in total representing 8% of the audit fee, compared with audit fees of  
£4.64 million. More information on fees incurred by PwC for non-audit services, as well as 
the split between PwC’s audit and non-audit fees, are in note 4 to the accounts, on page 169.
Objectivity and independence
We are responsible for monitoring and reviewing the objectivity and independence of PwC. 
We considered the information provided by PwC, confirming that no PwC employees involved 
with the audit have links or connections to JM, and that they complied with the FRC’s Revised 
Ethical Standard. We conclude that PwC is independent.
Proposed re-appointment of PwC
Following our assessment, we believe that PwC provides a robust audit and valuable technical 
knowledge and is free from third-party influence and restrictive contractual clauses. 
As a result, we have included a resolution proposing PwC’s re-appointment as auditor and 
authorised the Committee to determine PwC’s remuneration in our Notice of AGM.
How we gather feedback on the effectiveness of our 
external auditor and external audit process
Information provided by the auditor
• Details on the audit plan delivery and any changes to the scope of work
• Assurance on the operation of PwC’s audit quality control procedures and insight into 
their outcomes as they relate to the audit and key members of audit team
Management feedback
• Survey of audit quality and effectiveness by executive directors and senior management 
including recommendations for improvement
• Seek assurance on the disclosure process for the provision of information to the auditor
Committee assessment
• Quality of regular audit reports
• Feedback from committee members and regular attendees, including the Director 
of Group Finance and the Group Assurance and Risk Director
Third-party reviews
• External reviews of PwC by the FRC’s AQR team and the Quality Assurance Department 
of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023102
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Audit Committee Report continued
Introduction
I am pleased to present our Annual Report on remuneration for the year ended 31st March 
2023. This report is divided into three sections, i) my annual statement, ii) the Directors’ 
Remuneration Policy being put to shareholders at the 2023 Annual General Meeting, 
and iii) our Annual Report on remuneration for the year ended 31st March 2023.
Our approach to remuneration
Our overall purpose at Johnson Matthey is catalysing the net zero transition. We currently 
have an important role to play in this process through the application of our sustainable 
technologies, products and services. We will have an increasingly important role to play 
as we further commercialise long-term sustainable technologies, including our portfolio 
of hydrogen technologies, that will enable decarbonisation and enhance circularity.
This year has been a year of progress in delivering on our strategy following the appointment 
of our current Chief Executive Officer, Liam Condon, in March 2022. We have simplified 
our portfolio of businesses and have also implemented a revised business reporting structure 
with Catalyst Technologies and PGMS now identified separately and, in addition, we have 
strengthened our senior leadership team. These changes, in conjunction with establishing 
a higher performance culture, create a strong platform for delivering on our purpose 
and strategy.
In the context of the above, undertaking our triennial Directors’ Remuneration Policy review 
was timely given the need to determine if our remuneration structures remained appropriate 
as we look to the future. In undertaking the review, we took feedback from both internal and 
external stakeholders, along with benchmarking our remuneration practices, and concluded 
that the focus on long-term performance within our current remuneration policy remained 
appropriate to our purpose and strategy. As a result, the committee was comfortable 
retaining our current pay model and philosophy, and so the changes we are making are 
limited to ensuring our performance metrics better align with our reinvigorated strategy 
and we simplify our approach where possible.
Overview of company performance
In the face of a challenging environment brought on by political and economic uncertainty, 
our Chief Executive Officer and the senior leadership team have delivered a robust underlying 
financial performance and made good progress against our strategic milestones.
During the year, Clean Air was impacted by automotive customers constraining their production 
volumes, and PGMS was impacted by lower precious metal prices and lower refinery intake 
volumes due to lower scrap levels with the semi-conductor chip shortage creating a buoyant 
second-hand car market. However, we’ve made good progress on our group transformation 
and cost reduction targets; have made excellent progress with Euro 7 business wins in Clean 
Air, and several new large-scale project wins in our Catalyst Technologies business.
Remuneration Committee report
“Our Directors’ 
Remuneration Policy has 
been designed to 
incentivise and reward for 
delivering sustainable value 
creation and long-term 
growth. This will be 
achieved through a 
combination of business 
transformation and 
strategic execution all 
underpinned by a high-
performance culture.”
Membership
All six of our independent non-executive directors sit on the Remuneration Committee. 
 Members’ attendance at committee meetings during the year is on page 75
Regular attendees at committee meetings
• Chief Executive Officer
• Chief HR Officer
• Group Total Reward, Wellbeing & People Services Director
  The committee’s Terms of Reference set out its full responsibilities  
matthey.com/governance-framework
Key activities during 2022/23:
• Triennial review of the Directors’ Remuneration Policy
• Reviewed our short and long-term incentives and their alignment to the company’s 
strategy
• Reviewed broader employee total reward, including pay equity and benchmarking
Our focus areas for 2023/24:
• Oversee the implementation of the new Directors’ Remuneration Policy
• Set the incentive plan performance targets for the upcoming year
• Continued focus on broader employee remuneration 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 103
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
In addition, in January 2023 we entered a long-term strategic partnership with Plug Power, 
a leading provider of turnkey hydrogen solutions for the global green hydrogen economy, 
to accelerate the deployment of fuel cells and electrolysers (green hydrogen). This partnership 
is evidence of clear progress towards JM’s published milestone in Hydrogen Technologies and 
will significantly contribute towards JM’s 2030 target for 50 million tonnes of GHG emissions 
avoided per year.
In the context of a challenging market environment, and the progress made against our 
long-term strategy, the committee considered the level of payout from our incentive plans 
as appropriate.
2022/23 incentive plan outcomes
The Committee always seeks to ensure that there is a clear link between pay and 
performance. Additionally, we will continue to focus on setting stretching performance 
targets and consider the performance of the wider business and individual accomplishment 
over the period, including how the performance was delivered. In that context, we believe 
that the payments outlined in this report fairly reflect the performance achieved.
Annual Incentive Plan (AIP)
The maximum bonus opportunity for 2022/23 remained unchanged at 180% of salary 
for the Chief Executive Officer and 150% of salary for the Chief Financial Officer. The bonus 
was based on underlying PBT (50%), working capital (20%) and strategic and transformation 
objectives (30%).
Based on a robust underlying financial performance, the outcome of our AIP results in a 
bonus of 75% of maximum is payable to both Liam Condon and Stephen Oxley. The 
committee is comfortable that the outcome of the bonus is appropriate and so no discretion 
has been applied. One half of the bonus payable will be deferred in shares for a period of 
three-years. More details on the performance against the annual targets and strategic 
objectives are set out on page 121.
Performance Share Plan (PSP)
Neither Liam Condon or Stephen Oxley have any Performance Share Plan (PSP) awards that 
were eligible to vest in respect of the three-year performance period ending 31st March 2023.
The PSP award granted on 1st August 2020 was based on challenging earnings per share and 
total shareholder return performance targets for the three-year period ending 31st March 
2023. The outcome of this award was a performance below the threshold targets. As a result, 
there is no vesting for either executive directors or any other participants in the PSP. The 
committee was comfortable that the formulaic outcome is appropriate and so no discretion 
has been applied.
Overall, the committee is satisfied that the Remuneration Policy operated as intended 
during the year.
Directors’ Remuneration Policy
The 2023 AGM marks the three-year anniversary of our current Remuneration Policy. 
As a result, we will be seeking shareholder approval for an updated Remuneration Policy 
at our forthcoming AGM.
During the year a full review process was undertaken that considered the pay model, the 
historic relationship between performance and reward, the alignment between performance 
metrics and strategy, and alignment with institutional investors’ best practice. All of this was 
considered in light of our reinvigorated strategy.
Having had regard to these factors, with the current Remuneration Policy operating 
effectively against each of the review criteria, the committee concluded that subject to some 
minor refinements to the approach to target setting and the choice of performance metrics, 
the current Remuneration Policy would be largely retained. A summary of the minor changes 
to the policy are set out on page 107.
Applying the Remuneration Policy in 2023/24
Base salary
With high inflation impacting the cost of living, the company set aside a higher pay budget 
for its annual pay awards in July 2022 with a greater portion of the budget set aside for 
non-management roles. In addition, the company paid a temporary monthly allowance 
to employees below a certain earnings level to provide additional support until June 2023.
The pay budget for the forthcoming year has also been set at a higher level compared 
to historic norms given that the cost-of-living pressures continue in many countries. Again, 
a greater proportion of the budget is being allocated to lower paid employees. For example, 
for the coming year the UK salary budget for non-management roles is 5.25% and for 
management roles is 4.0%.
With regard to the salary increase for executive directors the committee considered the 
UK salary budget for the forthcoming year and deemed it appropriate that the salary increase 
awarded to executive directors should be at a discount to that awarded to other employees. 
As such executive director salaries were increased by 3.5% with effect from 1st April 2023.
AIP
The maximum opportunity will remain at 180% of salary for the CEO and 150% of salary for 
the CFO, and the target will continue to be set at 50% of the maximum. However, the payout 
for threshold performance will reduce from 15% of maximum (equivalent to 30% of target) 
to 25% of the target bonus opportunity, which represents a modest toughening of the bonus 
structure. This change is being made for all participants in our annual incentive plans and will 
result in greater focus on delivery against the group’s targeted performance levels.
The performance targets for executive directors will be based on group underlying PBT 
(50%), working capital days (20%) and strategic targets (30%) that are aligned with 
delivering against our transformation strategy. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023104
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Remuneration Committee report continued
PSP
The Remuneration Committee intends to grant awards at the same level as in 2022/23, 
being 250% and 175% of salary for the CEO and CFO respectively.
The performance measures will continue to be a combination of growth in underlying EPS 
(30%), relative total shareholder return (versus the FTSE 31 to 100 companies but excluding 
those in financial services) (40%), and strategic and sustainability objectives (30%). The main 
change compared to the awards granted last year is a greater weighting to the strategic and 
sustainability targets (up from 20%) which reflects the strategic priorities over the next 
three-year period.
The EPS growth targets to apply to the awards are considered similarly challenging to the 
targets set in prior years. However, in recognition of ongoing uncertainty and volatility in 
external markets, we have set a wider range of targets versus historic awards.
Our strategic and sustainability targets are focused on increasing the GHG emissions avoided 
through the use of our products and solutions, reducing our own GHG (Scope 1 and Scope 2), 
increasing the percentage of female representation across our management levels and 
delivering a key business transformation associated with global business services.
Given our refreshed strategy will require investment over the coming years, a final change to 
the PSP awards is the removal of the discretionary return on invested capital (ROIC) underpin. 
However, the Committee retains discretion to adjust the vesting outcomes based on 
underlying performance and having had regard to ROIC.
Prior to granting the 2023/24 PSP award the committee intends to undertake a final review 
of the performance targets allowing for the prevailing market conditions versus the time at 
which the proposed targets were set. Full details of the intended awards are set out on page 
122.
Chair and non-executive director fees
The fees payable to the Chair and non-executive directors are reviewed annually. In line with 
the increase in base salaries for executive directors, the Chair fee and non-executive director 
base fee will be increased by 3.5% from 1st April 23 (lower than the increase to the wider 
workforce). The additional premiums for acting as a Chair of a committee were also 
reviewed and increased. 
Wider employee remuneration
Paying our employees fairly for their role, skills, experience and performance is central to our 
approach to remuneration, and our reward framework and policies support us in doing this.
Equal pay is also critical, and we review our pay levels on an ongoing basis to ensure that 
employees are paid fairly. During the year we reviewed a global analysis, conducted by an 
independent reward consultancy (Willis Tower Watson) on pay levels and pay equity across 
the organisation, which showed that nearly 95% of roles are paid fairly, and we continue 
to make targeted actions to remove any form of potential inequality. We are also committed 
to the real living wage and narrowing the gender pay gap that exists among our employees, 
and to tackling the root causes of gender imbalance to ensure a truly inclusive culture that 
supports diversity. Our commitment in this area has resulted in a reduction in our gender pay 
gap in the UK from 9.2% to 5.6% over the past few years, and we are starting to make 
progress in other countries.
We aspire to offer a well-balanced, progressive and structured approach to reward, with 
appropriate variation by location. We also find that the non-financial reward elements are 
essential to a supportive culture, with the wellbeing of staff a prominent part of our 
employment proposition.
This year, all employees were able to provide their feedback on a range of matters, including 
remuneration, through The Big Listen, our annual employee engagement survey (YourSay) 
and local and global town hall meetings. This provided valuable employee context to decision 
making when considering changes to the Remuneration Policy and how the company 
rewards employees for the impact of their contributions. 
Shareholder engagement
Ahead of the 2023 AGM, we engaged with our largest investors as well as Institutional 
Shareholder Services (‘ISS’), The Investment Association (‘IA’) and Glass Lewis, to understand 
their views on our proposed new policy and the proposed implementation in 2023/24. 
The feedback we received was supportive of retaining our current approach to directors’ 
remuneration and the minor refinements we proposed.
2023 AGM
I would like to thank shareholders for their input and engagement during the year in relation 
to the Remuneration Policy. We believe that our policy remains simple, transparent and 
effective, strongly supporting our business strategy with remuneration outcomes aligned 
to the shareholder experience.
I ask you to support the binding vote on Directors' Remuneration Policy and the advisory vote 
on this Annual Statement and the 2023 Annual Report on Remuneration at our AGM on 
20th July 2023. This AGM will be my last as Chair of the Remuneration Committee as I stand 
down as Committee Chair with effect from the upcoming AGM but will continue on the Board 
until January 2024 when I will retire from the Board. I’m pleased to advise that John O’Higgins 
will take-over from me as the Chair of the Remuneration Committee following our AGM.
We welcome an open dialogue with our shareholders, and I will be available at the meeting 
to answer any questions about the work of the Remuneration Committee.
Chris Mottershead
Chair of the Remuneration Committee
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 105
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Remuneration Committee report continued
Remuneration at a glance
Aligning remuneration  
with strategy
We will use our deep knowledge of metals 
chemistry to help our customers address the 
complex technical challenges of the four 
transitions – transport, energy, decarbonising 
chemicals production and a circular economy 
– by delivering sustainable products, services 
and technologies.
KPIs 
Group profit before tax Annual Incentive Plan 
Group working capital days Annual Incentive Plan 
Earnings per share Performance Share Plan
Total shareholder return1 Performance Share Plan
Sustainability-related KPI2 Performance Share Plan
1. Measure included in awards from 2020 onwards
2. Sustainability KPI added in 2022
Our strategic objectives 
Invest in growth areas targeted 
at climate change and circularity
Manage our established businesses 
to support growth
Promote a fast-paced, efficient 
business and high-performance 
culture
Outcomes of variable remuneration1 Weighting
Liam Condon Stephen Oxley
Formulaic outcome
(% base salary)
Formulaic outcome
(% base salary)
Annual bonus
Profit before tax 50% 81.0% 67.5%
Working capital days (excluding PGMs) 10% 18.0% 15.0%
Working capital days (including PGMs) 10% 8.1% 6.7%
Strategic objectives 30% 27.0% 22.5%
Total 100% 134.1% 111.7%
Performance Share Plan
Compound annual growth rate in earnings per share 50% - -
Total Shareholder return 50% - -
1. Liam Condon and Stephen Oxley did not hold any 2020–23 Performance Share Plan awards
Stephen Oxley2 — Chief Financial OfficerLiam Condon1 — Chief Executive Officer
2023 pay outcomes
The pay breakdowns for the executive directors in 2021/22 and 2022/23 are set out below:
Element 2021/22 2022/23
Fixed pay (£’000)
Salary 79 950
Benefits 24 280
Pension 12 143
Variable pay (£’000)
Annual Incentive Plan 0 1,274
Performance Share Plan 0 0
1. Liam Condon was appointed Chief Executive Officer on 1st March 2022
Element 2021/22 2022/23
Fixed pay (£’000)
Salary 565 582
Benefits 15 20
Pension 85 87
Variable pay (£’000)
Annual Incentive Plan 607 650
Performance Share Plan 0 0
2. Stephen Oxley was appointed Chief Financial Officer on 1st April 2021
21/22
22/23 
115
1373 1274
21/22
22/23 
607665
650689
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023106
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Remuneration Policy
Remuneration Policy continued
Set out below is a summary of the modest revisions to apply to the 2023 Directors’ 
Remuneration Policy when compared against the policy approved at the 2020 AGM.
The table that follows describes each component of the Directors’ Remuneration Policy, 
its purpose and link to strategy, how it works, the opportunity, boundaries and performance 
measures and any clawback or withholding conditions that apply. The policy was informed 
by consultation with key stakeholders, including our institutional investors and shareholder 
advisory bodies.
Subject to approval, the policy will apply for three years from the 2023 AGM. The key changes 
to the policy are set out below:
• The payout for achieving the threshold performance target under the AIP is to be reduced 
to 25% of the target opportunity. It was previously 15% of the maximum opportunity, 
which is equivalent to 30% of the target opportunity. This change represents a modest 
toughening of the bonus structure and affects all participants in our annual incentive plans 
and will result in greater focus on delivery against the Group’s targeted performance levels.
• The threshold vesting percentage for each performance measure within the long-term 
PSP will be set at the time of each award having regard to the targets set. The vesting at 
threshold for each performance measure will be no more than 25%. For example, if the 
committee set a broader range of EPS targets than in prior years this may result in threshold 
vesting being as low as 0% as opposed to 15% (or higher) for that part of the award.
• Given our refreshed strategy will require investment over the coming years there will be 
no defined ROIC underpin applied to future PSP awards. Instead, the committee will be able 
to take ROIC performance into account as part of a broader discretion to adjust vesting 
outcomes based on an overall assessment of company performance. 
Remuneration Policy Table
Purpose and link to strategy Operation (and changes if appropriate) of the element Potential value of element and performance measures
Base salary
Base salary is the basic pay for 
doing the job. Its purpose is 
to provide a fair and competitive 
level of base pay to attract and 
retain individuals of the calibre 
required to lead the business.
Base salaries will normally be reviewed annually, and any changes normally take effect from 1st April each year.
In determining salaries and salary increases, the Remuneration Committee will take account of the performance of the 
individual director against a broad set of parameters including financial, environmental, social and governance issues.
The Remuneration Committee will also take into account the director’s knowledge, contribution to the role, length 
of time in post, and any additional responsibilities since the last salary review, as well as the level of salary increases 
awarded to the wider Johnson Matthey workforce.
Salaries across the group are benchmarked against a comparator group of similarly sized companies, predominantly within 
the FTSE, with a comparable international presence and geographic spread and operating in relevant industry sectors.
New appointments or promotions will be paid at a level reflecting the executive director’s level of experience in the 
particular role and experience at board level. New or promoted executive directors may receive higher pay increases 
than typical for the group over a period of time following their appointment as their pay trends toward an appropriate 
level for their role.
Maximum opportunity
No salary increase will be awarded which results in a base 
salary which exceeds the competitive market range considered 
appropriate by the committee for the role.
Details of the current salaries for the executive directors 
are included in the Annual Report on Remuneration on 
(see page 119).
Benefits
Benefits are provided to support 
the director in his or her 
performance in the role. They 
help to remove certain day-to-day 
concerns from executive directors, 
to allow them to focus on 
managing and directing the 
business. In general, benefits will 
be restricted to the typical level 
in the relevant market for an 
executive director. 
Benefits include, but are not limited to, medical, life and income protection insurance, medical assessments, company 
sick pay, and a company car (or equivalent).
Other appropriate benefits may also be provided from time to time at the discretion of the Remuneration Committee.
Directors’ and officers’ liability insurance is maintained for all directors.
Directors who are required to move for a business reason may, where appropriate, also be provided with benefits such 
as relocation benefits (e.g. the provision of accommodation, transport or medical insurance away from their country 
of residence) and schooling for dependants. The company may pay the tax on these benefits.
Directors may be assisted with tax advice and tax compliance services.
The company will reimburse all reasonable expenses (including any associated tax charges) which the executive 
director is authorised to incur while carrying out executive duties.
Benefits are not generally expected to be a significant part 
of the remuneration package in financial terms.
Car benefits will not exceed a total of £25,000 per annum.
The cost of medical insurance for an individual executive director 
and dependants will not exceed £25,000 per annum.
Company sick pay is 52 weeks’ full pay.
Pension
Provides for post-retirement 
remuneration, ensures that the 
total package is competitive 
and aids retention.
All executive directors will be eligible to participate in a company pension plan and/or paid a cash supplement in lieu 
of membership in a pension plan. 
The maximum company contribution is 15% of base salary for 
executive directors. This is aligned to the typical cost of providing 
pension benefits to other employees in the UK. To the extent 
there is a reduction in this typical cost the company’s contribution 
for executive directors will reduce.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 107
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Purpose and link to strategy Operation (and changes if appropriate) of the element Potential value of element and performance measures
Annual Incentive Plan
The AIP provides a strong 
incentive aligned to strategy 
in the short term. It allows 
the board to drive and reward 
both financial and non-
financial metrics, including 
leadership behaviours, in 
order to deliver sustainable 
growth in shareholder value.
The AIP bonus plays a key part 
in the motivation and 
retention of executive 
directors, one of the key 
requirements for long-term 
growth.
Bonus deferral as well as 
malus and clawback 
provisions ensure that 
longer- term considerations 
are properly taken into 
account in the pursuit of 
annual targets.
The Remuneration Committee sets the AIP performance measures and targets for each new award cycle. 
At the end of the year, the committee determines the extent to which these have been achieved. The 
committee retains the discretion to reduce any bonus award if, in its opinion, the underlying financial 
performance of the company has not been satisfactory in the circumstances.
Deferral
Of any bonus paid, up to 50% is paid in cash and the remaining balance is deferred into shares for a 
three-year period as an award under the deferred bonus plan. As defined in the relevant plan rules, no 
further performance conditions apply to awards under the Deferred Bonus Plan. Dividends that accrue on 
the deferred shares during the vesting period will be paid in either cash and/or shares at the time of vesting.
Malus and Clawback
The cash and deferred elements of the bonus are subject to malus and clawback provisions such that they 
can be forfeited or recouped in part or in full in the event of a misstatement of results, error in the 
calculation, misconduct by the individual or serious reputational damage.
Adjustments
The Remuneration Committee retains discretion to change the performance targets if there is a significant 
and/or material event which causes the committee to believe the original targets are no longer appropriate 
(e.g. to reflect material acquisitions or disposals).
The Remuneration Committee also retains discretion to amend the level of annual bonuses determined 
by the performance condition to seek to ensure that the incentive structure for executive directors does 
not raise environmental, social and governance risks by inadvertently motivating irresponsible behaviour. 
For example, reducing or eliminating bonuses where the company has suffered reputational damage 
or where other aspects of performance, including leadership behaviour, have been unacceptable.
The Remuneration Committee retains the ability to increase bonus awards from the formulaic outcome 
where there is identifiable and exceptional performance by the executive director. Bonus payments in such 
circumstances would remain within the maximum bonus opportunity and shareholders would be fully 
informed of the justification.
Maximum opportunity and vesting thresholds
• Chief Executive Officer – 180% of base salary.
• Other executive directors – 150% of base salary.
Where financial measures are set the threshold performance level will 
result in a bonus of up to 25% of the target bonus opportunity. On-target 
performance will result in 50% payment of the maximum opportunity. 
Where non-financial targets are set, it may not be practicable to set targets 
on a sliding scale.
Performance measures
Bonuses are based on the achievement of demanding financial and, where 
appropriate, non-financial targets. The committee may use different 
performances and/or weightings for each performance cycle as 
appropriate to take into account the strategic needs of the business. 
However, a substantial proportion (i.e. at least 60%) will be based on key 
financial measures, for example, underlying PBT. 
Targets are set applying a robust bottom-up process to achieve full 
accountability. The financial performance targets are retrospectively 
published in the immediately following Annual Report on Remuneration. 
Details of last year’s bonus awards are on pages 106 and120.
The performance period for annual bonus purposes matches the financial 
year (currently 1st April to 31st March).
Performance Share Plan
The Performance Share Plan 
(PSP) is designed to ensure 
that executives take decisions 
in the interest of the 
longer-term success of the 
group. Having measures that 
look at profitable growth and 
performance relative to a 
comparator group over the 
longer term ensures that the 
interests of executives are 
aligned with shareholder 
interest for long-term value.
Shares may be awarded each year and are subject to performance conditions tested over a minimum 
three- year performance period. Subject to the performance conditions being met the shares will vest after 
which the directors will be required to hold any vested shares until the fifth anniversary of the award.
The performance targets are set by the Remuneration Committee based on internal and external growth 
forecasts to ensure they remain appropriate and aligned with shareholder expectations.
The awards are granted in accordance with the rules of the plan approved by shareholders. The maximum 
award level is 250% of base salary. Awards may be granted in the form of conditional shares, nil or nominal 
cost options or cash (where the awards cannot be settled in shares). Dividends that accrue during the 
post-vesting holding period will be managed in accordance with our dividend re-investment process.
Malus and clawback
PSP awards are subject to malus and clawback provisions that can apply in the case of a misstatement of 
results, error in the calculation, misconduct by the individual, serious reputational damage, failures of risk 
management or corporate failure.
Award levels and vesting thresholds
The maximum award level is 250% of salary.
The current award levels are:
• Chief Executive Officer – 250% of base salary
• Other Executive Directors – 175% of salary.
Threshold performance will result in vesting of up to a maximum of 25% 
for each performance measure. The actual threshold vesting will depend 
on the performance metric and the performance range set for the specific 
award. Vesting at maximum is 100% of the relevant part of the award, 
increasing on a graduated scale. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023108
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Remuneration Policy continued
Purpose and link to strategy Operation (and changes if appropriate) of the element Potential value of element and performance measures
Performance Share Plan (continued)
Adjustment
The Remuneration Committee has the power to adjust the annual award level, for example in the event 
of a material fall in share price, as well as the power to adjust the vesting level of an award based on the 
underlying performance of the company.
The committee may adjust the performance measure to reflect material changes (e.g. significant 
acquisitions or disposals, share consolidation, share buy-backs or special dividends). Any such change 
would be fully explained to shareholders.
Performance measures
PSP awards vest over a minimum three-year performance period and will 
be subject to financial and/or shareholder return targets. In addition, 
strategic and/or sustainability targets may be included in future awards. 
In all cases, the majority of the award will remain linked to financial 
and/or shareholder return targets.
It is expected that during the policy period the following three metrics 
will form the majority of awards:
a) The compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of underlying EPS;
b) The Total Shareholder Return (TSR) relative to a comparator group 
(e.g. the FTSE 31-100 excluding financial services companies);
c) Strategic and/or sustainability targets.
Vesting is also subject to a broad committee discretion that will enable 
the committee to adjust the extent to which an award vests by exercising 
appropriate discretion to the formulaic outcomes in order to reflect 
the wider financial performance and / or circumstances of the group.
The prospective weightings, targets and measures for the year 
commencing 1st April 2023 are shown on page 122.
The Remuneration Committee retains the discretion to amend the 
weightings, targets and the performance measures detailed on page 122 
for future awards as appropriate to reflect the business strategy. 
All employee share plan
Encourages share ownership Executive directors are entitled to participate in the company’s all-employee plan under which regular 
monthly share purchases are made and matched with the award of company shares, subject to 
retention conditions.
Executive directors would also be entitled to participate in any other all-employee arrangements that 
may be established by the company on the same terms as all other employees.
Executive directors are entitled to participate up to the same limits in force 
from time to time for all employees.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 109
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Remuneration Policy continued
Purpose and link to strategy Operation (and changes if appropriate) of the element Potential value of element and performance measures
Shareholding requirements
To encourage executive 
directors to build a 
shareholding in the company 
and ensure the interests of 
management are aligned with 
those of shareholders
Executive directors are expected to build up a shareholding in the company over a reasonable period 
of time, and upon cessation of employment are expected to retain a shareholding for a period of up 
to two years.
Shares that count towards achieving these guidelines while an executive director include: all shares 
beneficially owned by an executive director, or a person connected to the executive as recognised by the 
Remuneration Committee; deferred bonus shares and PSP awards which have vested and so are no longer 
subject to performance conditions but are within a holding period.
Executive directors are expected to retain at least 50% of the net (after tax) vested shares that are released 
under the PSP and Deferred Bonus Plan until the required levels of shareholding are achieved.
Executive directors are not required to make personal share purchases should awards not meet the 
performance conditions and so a newly appointed director may take longer to reach the expected level, 
depending on the company’s performance against targets over the period. In addition, a director who 
ceases employment with the company is not required to purchase shares to satisfy the post-cessation 
shareholding requirement.
The minimum shareholding requirement while an executive director 
and for the two-year period after cessation of employment is as follows:
• Chief Executive Officer – 250% of base salary.
• Other executive directors – 200% of base salary.
If the executive director has not been able to build up their shareholding 
prior to cessation they are not required to purchase shares upon cessation 
to satisfy the requirement.
There is no requirement for non-executive directors to hold shares, 
but they are encouraged to acquire a holding over time.
Non-executive director fees
To attract, retain and motivate 
non-executive directors with 
the required knowledge and 
experience.
Non-executive director fees are determined by the board and the non-executive directors exclude 
themselves from these discussions.
The fees for the Chair are determined by the Remuneration Committee taking into account the views of the 
Chief Executive Officer. The Chair excludes himself from these discussions.
Non-executive directors are paid a base fee each year with an additional fee for each committee Chair or 
additional role held.
Non-executive director fees are reviewed every year. Any increase will take into account the market rate for 
the relevant positions within the comparator group of similarly sized companies with a comparable 
international presence and geographic spread and operating in relevant industry sectors and the 
experience of the individuals and the expected time commitment of the role.
In exceptional circumstances, additional fees or non-executive benefits (e.g. assistance with tax filings or 
an allowance for intercontinental travel including any associated tax) may be payable to reflect a 
substantial increase in time commitment.
The company will also reimburse the Chair and non-executive directors for all reasonable expenses 
(including any tax thereon) incurred while carrying out duties for the company.
Details of the current fee levels for the Chair and non-executive directors 
are set out in the Annual Report on Remuneration on page 119.
The fee levels are set subject to the maximum limits set out in the 
company’s Articles of Association.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023110
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Remuneration Policy continued
The committee is responsible for determining, and agreeing with the board, the Directors’ Remuneration Policy and has oversight of its implementation. The committee has clear terms 
of reference, works with management and independent advisers to develop proposals and recommendations, and exercises independent judgement when making decisions. This process 
is considered to manage any potential conflicts of interest.
The policy is performance focused and, given the long-term nature of JM’s business, is weighted towards long-term performance and includes market standard shareholding expectations 
and recovery and withholding provisions.
The committee considered the principles listed in the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code when reviewing the Directors’ Remuneration Policy and took these into account in its design 
and implementation.
Clarity Remuneration arrangements have defined parameters which can be transparently communicated to shareholders and other stakeholders.
Simplicity Remuneration arrangements for executive directors consist of:
• Salary, benefits, and a fixed pension contribution – set to reflect the typical rate provided to the UK workforce.
• Annual Incentive Plan (AIP), a portion of which is deferred into shares.
• Annual long-term Performance Share Plan (PSP) awards which provide focus on performance over the longer term.
Unnecessary complexity is avoided by the committee in operating the arrangements. 
Risk The remuneration arrangements are designed to have a robust link between pay and performance, thereby mitigating the risk of excessive reward. In addition, 
behavioural risks are considered when setting targets for performance-related pay, and the arrangements have safeguards to ensure that pay remains appropriate, 
including committee discretion to adjust incentive outturns, deferral of incentive payments in shares, recovery provisions and share ownership requirements. 
To avoid conflicts of interest, committee members are required to disclose any conflicts or potential conflicts ahead of committee meetings. No executive director 
or other member of management is present when their own remuneration is under discussion.
Predictability The committee set specific targets for different levels of performance which are communicated to the individuals and disclosed to shareholders.
Proportionality The AIP and PSP have performance metrics that are aligned with the company’s KPIs, and the payouts reflect achievement against the targets. The committee 
may reduce payouts under the AIP and PSP if they are not considered aligned with underlying performance. Safeguards are identified to ensure that poor 
performance is not rewarded.
Alignment to culture The directors’ remuneration arrangements are cascaded through the organisation ensuring that there are common goals. The committee reviews remuneration 
arrangements throughout the company and takes these into account when setting directors’ remuneration.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 111
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Remuneration Policy continued
Selection of performance targets
Annual Incentive Plan
Financial performance targets under the AIP are set by the Remuneration Committee 
with reference to the prior year and to the budgets and business plans for the coming year, 
ensuring the levels to achieve threshold, target or maximum payout are appropriately 
challenging.
The performance targets for 2023/24 are predominantly based on financial measures 
(70% of maximum opportunity) including budgeted underlying PBT and working capital 
days to ensure that there is strong attention paid to delivery of current operational plans 
and operational efficiency.
Commercial sensitivity precludes the advance publication of the actual bonus targets, 
but these targets will be retrospectively published in the Annual Report on Remuneration 
for 2023/24.
Performance Share Plan
The performance targets under the PSP are set to reflect the company’s longer-term 
growth objectives at a level where the maximum represents genuine outperformance. 
The performance measures are currently based on underlying EPS, TSR and strategic 
objectives (including sustainability).
Underlying EPS is considered a simple and clear measure of absolute growth in line with 
the company’s strategy.
TSR is considered a simple and clear performance relative to a comparator group 
(FTSE 31-100 excluding financial services companies).
The strategic objectives will consist of four equally weighted metrics. For 2023/24, 
three metrics will relate to our sustainability framework, and one will relate to a business 
transformation objective.
Discretion
The Remuneration Committee can exercise discretion in a number of areas when operating 
the company’s incentive plans, in line with the relevant rules of the plan. These include 
(but are not limited to):
• The choice of participants
• The size of awards in any year (subject to the limits set out in the Directors’ Remuneration 
Policy table)
• The extent of payments or vesting in light of the achievement of the relevant performance 
conditions
• The determination of good or bad leavers and the treatment of outstanding awards 
(subject to the provisions of the plan rules and the remuneration policy provisions)
• The treatment of outstanding awards and assessing performance in the event of a change 
of control.
In addition, if events occur which cause the Remuneration Committee to conclude that any 
performance condition is no longer appropriate, that condition may be substituted, varied or 
waived as is considered reasonable in the circumstances, in order to produce a fairer measure 
of performance that is not materially less difficult to satisfy.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023112
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Remuneration Policy continued
Remuneration scenarios
Below is an illustration of the potential future remuneration that could be received by each executive director for the year starting 1st April 2023, both in absolute terms and as a proportion of 
the total package under different performance scenarios. The value of the PSP is based on the award that will be granted in August 2023. In developing the scenarios, the following assumptions 
have been made:
Below threshold Only fixed elements of remuneration (base salary, pension and benefits) are payable
Threshold Fixed elements of remuneration plus 25% of target bonus and 22% vesting of PSP award are payable
Target Fixed elements of remuneration plus 50% of maximum bonus and 60% vesting of PSP award are payable
Maximum Fixed elements of remuneration plus 100% of maximum bonus and 100% vesting of PSP award are payable
Maximum plus 50% share 
price appreciation
Maximum plus a 50% share price appreciation on the PSP award and Deferred Bonus Plan (DBP) award
0 1,000 2,000 3,000 4,000 5,000 6,000 7,000 8,000
Maximum with
50% share price appreciation
Maximum
Target
Threshold
Below threshold
0 20 40 60 80 100
Maximum with
50% share price appreciation
Maximum
Target
Threshold
Below threshold
Value £000
0 500 1,000 1,500 2,000 2,500 3,000 3,500
Maximum with
50% share price appreciation
Maximum
Target
Threshold
Below threshold
0 20 40 60 80 100
Maximum with
50% share price appreciation
Maximum
Target
Threshold
Below threshold
Value £000
Liam Condon
Stephen Oxley
Value of package Composition of package
Base salary Benefits Pension Bonus DBP share price appreciation PSP PSP share price appreciation
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 113
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Remuneration Policy continued
Group employee considerations
The Remuneration Committee considers the directors’ remuneration, along with the 
remuneration of the Group Leadership Team (GLT), in the context of the wider employee 
population, and is kept regularly updated on pay and conditions across the group.
We aspire to offer a well-balanced, progressive and structured approach to reward, 
with appropriate variation by location. We also find that the non-financial reward elements 
are essential to a supportive culture, with the wellbeing of staff a prominent part of our 
employment proposition.
The general principle for remuneration in Johnson Matthey is to provide a competitive 
package of pay and benefits in all markets and at all job levels to attract and retain 
high-quality and diverse employees. Equal and fair pay is also a critical component of our 
proposition, and we regularly review our pay levels and develop actions to remove any form 
of potential inequality. The proportion of variable pay increases with progression through 
management levels, with the highest proportion of variable pay at executive director level, 
as defined by the Remuneration Policy.
This year, all employees were able to provide their feedback on a range of matters, including 
remuneration, through The Big Listen and our annual employee engagement survey 
(YourSay). This provided valuable employee context to decision making when considering 
changes to the Remuneration Policy. While we inform our employees of global changes 
to pay and benefits, we have not actively sought a two-way dialogue over executive pay 
during 2022/23.
 Corporate Governance: matthey.com/corporate-governance
The table below sets out how our remuneration arrangements cascade through the organisation:
Executive directors Senior managers Middle managers Managers Wider workforce
Base salary Base salary is set with reference to the relevant local market and takes account of the employee’s knowledge, experience and 
contribution to the role. Base salaries are usually reviewed annually and take into account local salary norms, local inflation 
and business conditions. Increases in base salary for directors will take into account the level of salary increases granted to all 
employees within the group.
Base salary is either subject 
to negotiation with local 
trade unions or follows the 
market pay approach 
outlined for managers.
Pension and benefits Employment-related benefits are offered in line with local market conditions.
Short-term incentives Annual incentive based on 
70% financial metrics plus 
30% strategic objectives. 
Compulsory deferral into 
shares for three years.
Annual incentive based on 
70% financial metrics or 
strategic business goals, plus 
30% individual 
performance. Compulsory 
deferral into shares for 
three-years for certain levels 
within this category.
Annual incentive based on 70% financial metrics or strategic 
business goals plus 30% individual performance. 
Annual incentive is either 
subject to negotiation with 
local trade unions or follows 
the standard AIP framework 
with financial, non-financial 
and individual performance 
measures used.
Long-term incentives PSP awards are subject to a 
three-year performance 
period and a two-year 
holding period. Performance 
conditions are designed to 
drive company financial 
performance and align with 
stakeholder interests.
PSP awards are subject to a three-year performance period. 
Performance conditions are designed to drive company 
financial performance and align with stakeholder interests.
Restricted Share Plan (RSP) awards may be granted as 
special recognition or to motivate and retain key talent. They 
are typically subject to a three-year service condition.
RSP awards may be granted as special recognition or to 
motivate and retain key talent. They are typically subject to a 
three-year service condition.
Eligible employees may participate in JM’s Share Incentive Plan (ShareMatch). Two free matching shares are awarded for every one partnership share 
purchased by the employee, subject to an annual maximum employee contribution of £1,500.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023114
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Remuneration Policy continued
Shareholder considerations
The committee has a standard annual agenda item whereby the feedback from shareholders 
and investor advisory bodies is presented and discussed following the AGM. The Committee 
Chair is also available for questions at the AGM. The feedback that the committee receives 
then informs discussions for the formulation of future policy and subsequent remuneration 
decisions. The committee is also regularly updated on the collective views of shareholders 
and investor advisory bodies by its independent advisor.
As part of the policy renewal process, the Committee Chair consulted with major 
shareholders, as well as proxy voting bodies and shareholder advisory groups. Based 
on the feedback from our engagement, shareholders welcomed the proposed changes 
to the remuneration policy and so no amendments were required to the proposed policy. 
Approach to recruitment
The recruitment policy provides an appropriate framework within which to attract individuals 
of the required calibre to lead a company of Johnson Matthey’s size, scale and complexity. 
The Remuneration Committee determines the remuneration package for any appointment 
to an executive director position, either from within or outside Johnson Matthey.
The following table sets out the various components which would be considered for inclusion 
in the remuneration package for the appointment of an executive director and the approach 
to be adopted by the Remuneration Committee in respect of each component.
In the case of an internal promotion to the board, the company will honour any contractual 
commitments made prior to the promotion. 
Area Policy and operation
Overall The policy of the board is to recruit the best candidate possible for any board position and to structure pay and benefits in line with the Remuneration Policy set out in this report. 
The ongoing structure of a new recruit’s package would be the same as for existing directors, with the possible exception of an identifiable buy-out provision, as set out below.
Base salary or fees Salary or fees will be determined by the Remuneration Committee in accordance with the principles set out in the policy table on page 107.
Benefits and 
pension
An executive director will be eligible for benefits and pension arrangements in line with the company’s policy for current executive directors, as set out in the policy table 
on page 107.
Annual Incentive 
Plan
The maximum level of opportunity is as set out in the policy table on page107. The Remuneration Committee retains discretion to set different performance targets for a new 
externally appointed executive director, or to adjust performance targets and/or measures in the case of an internal promotion, to be assessed over the remainder of the financial 
year. In this case any bonus payment would be made at the same time as for existing directors, such award to be pro-rated for the time served in the performance period.
Performance 
Share Plan
The maximum level of opportunity is as set out in the policy table on page 107. In order to achieve rapid alignment with Johnson Matthey’s and shareholder interests, the 
Remuneration Committee retains discretion to grant a PSP award to a new externally appointed executive director on or soon after appointment if they join outside of the 
normal grant period.
Replacement 
awards buy-out
The Remuneration Committee retains discretion to grant replacement buy-out awards (in cash or shares) to a new externally appointed executive director to reflect the loss 
of awards granted by a previous employer. Where this is the case, the Remuneration Committee will seek to structure the replacement award such that overall it is on an 
equivalent basis to broadly replicate that foregone, using appropriate performance terms. If granted, any replacement buy-out award would not exceed the maximum set out 
in the rules of the 2017 Performance Share Plan (350% of base salary).
If the executive director’s prior employer pays any portion of the remuneration that was anticipated to be forfeited, the replacement awards shall be reduced by an equivalent 
amount.
Other The Remuneration Committee may agree that the company will meet certain mobility costs and relocation costs including temporary living and transportation expenses, 
in line with the company’s prevailing mobility policy for senior executives as described in the policy table on page 107.
Service contracts and policy on payment for loss of office
The following table summarises relevant key provisions of executive directors’ service contracts and the treatment of payments on termination of employment. The full contracts of service of the 
executive directors (as well as the terms and conditions of appointment of the non-executive directors) are available for inspection at the registered office of the company during normal business 
hours as well as prior to and during the forthcoming AGM.
In exceptional circumstances, the Remuneration Committee may authorise, where it considers it to be in the best interests of the company and shareholders, entering into contractual 
arrangements with a departing executive director, for example a settlement, confidentiality, restrictive covenant or other arrangement, pursuant to which sums not set out in the following table 
may become payable. Full disclosure of the payments will be made in accordance with the remuneration reporting requirements.
The table on the following page describes the contractual conditions pertaining to the contracts for Liam Condon and Stephen Oxley and for any future executive director.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 115
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Remuneration Policy continued
Summary of key provisions of executive directors’ service contracts and treatment of payments on termination
Liam Condon Stephen Oxley
Date of service agreement 10th November 2021 1st December 2020
Date of appointment as director 1st March 2022 1st April 2021
Employing company Johnson Matthey Plc
Contract duration No fixed term.
Notice period No more than 12 months’ notice
Post-termination restrictions The contracts of employment contain the following restrictions on the director for the following periods from the date of termination of employment:
• non-compete – six months
• non-dealing and non-solicitation of client/customers – 12 months
• non-solicitation of suppliers and non-interference with supply chain – 12 months
• non-solicitation of employees – 12 months.
Summary termination – 
payment in lieu of notice 
(PILON)
The company may, in its absolute discretion, terminate the employment of the director with immediate effect by giving written notice together with payment 
of a sum equivalent to the director’s base salary and the value of his contractual benefits as at the date such notice is given, in respect of the director’s notice 
period, less any period of notice actually worked.
The company may elect to pay the PILON in equal monthly instalments. The director is under a duty to seek alternative employment and to keep the 
company informed about whether they have been successful. If the director commences alternative employment, the monthly instalments shall be reduced 
(if appropriate to nil) by the amount of the director’s gross earnings from the alternative employment. A PILON paid to a director who is a US taxpayer 
would be in equal monthly instalments.
Termination payment – change 
of control
If, within one year after a change of control, the director’s service agreement is terminated by the company (other than in accordance with the summary 
termination provisions), the company shall pay, as liquidated damages, one year’s base salary, together with a sum equivalent to the value of the director’s 
contractual benefits, as at the date of termination, less the period of any notice given by the company to the director.
Termination – treatment of 
annual incentive awards
Annual bonus awards are made at the discretion of the Remuneration Committee.
Executive directors leaving the company’s employment will receive a bonus, pro-rata to service, unless the reason for leaving is resignation or misconduct. 
Any bonus awarded would continue to be subject to deferral as set out in the Remuneration Policy.
In relation to deferred bonus awards which have already been made, shares will be released on the normal vesting date unless one of the following 
circumstances applies, and subject to the discretion of the Remuneration Committee:
• the participant leaves as a result of misconduct; or
• the participant, prior to vesting, breaches one of the post-termination restrictions or covenants contained in their employment contract, termination 
agreement or similar agreement.
In which case the deferred awards will lapse on cessation of employment.
The Remuneration Committee has the discretion to accelerate vesting of a deferred award if appropriate to do so to reflect the circumstances of the 
departure. It is intended that this would only be used in the event of a departure due to ill health (or death).
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023116
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Remuneration Policy continued
Summary of key provisions of executive directors’ service contracts and treatment of payments on termination 
(continued)
Liam Condon Stephen Oxley
Termination – treatment of 
long-term incentive awards
Employees, including executive directors, leaving the company’s employment will normally lose their long-term incentive awards unless they leave for 
a specified “good leaver” reason (e.g. death, retirement), in which case their shares will be released on the normal release dates, subject to the performance 
condition. The Remuneration Committee has discretion to accelerate vesting, in which case the performance condition would be assessed based on 
available information at the time. In either case, unless the Remuneration Committee determines otherwise, the level of vesting shall be pro-rated to reflect 
the proportion of the performance period which has elapsed to the date of leaving. In the post-vesting deferral period, only those who leave due to 
misconduct will lose their shares.
Redundancy arrangements Directors are not entitled to any benefit under any redundancy payments arrangement operated by the company.
Holiday Upon termination for any reason, directors will be entitled to payment in lieu of accrued but untaken holiday entitlement.
Chair and Non-Executive Directors
The Chair and each of the non-executive directors have letters of appointment. The letters of appointment do not contain any contractual entitlement to a termination payment and the 
non-executive directors can be removed in accordance with the company’s Articles of Association. Directors are required to retire at each AGM and seek re-election by shareholders.
The details of the service contracts, including notice periods, contained in the letters of appointment in relation to the non-executive directors who served during the year are set out in the table 
below. Neither the Chair or the non-executive directors has provisions in his or her letter of appointment that relate to a change of control of the company.
Non-Executive Director Committee appointments Date of appointment Expiry of current term Notice period by the individual Notice period by the company
Patrick Thomas (Chair) R  N  S 1st June 2018 31st May 2024 6 months 6 months
Jane Griffiths A  R  N  S 1st January 2017 31st December 2025 1 month 1 month
Chris Mottershead A  R  N  S 27th January 2015 26th January 2024 1 month 1 month
John O’Higgins A  R  N  S 16th November 2017 15th November 2023 1 month 1 month
Xiaozhi Liu A  R  N  S 2nd April 2019 1st April 2025 1 month 1 month
Doug Webb A  R  N  S 2nd September 2019 1st September 2025 1 month 1 month
Rita Forst A  R  N  S 4th October 2021 3rd October 2024 1 month 1 month
A  Audit Committee R  Remuneration Committee N  Nomination Committee S  Social Value Committee  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 117
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Remuneration Policy continued
This section provides details of how the Directors’ 
Remuneration Policy was implemented during 2022/23 
and how we intend to apply it in 2023/24.
About the Remuneration Committee
All the independent non-executive directors sit on the Remuneration Committee, including 
the group Chair, Patrick Thomas. Details of attendance at committee meetings during the 
year ended 31st March 2023 are shown on page 75.
The Remuneration Committee’s Terms of Reference can be found at matthey.com/REM-
terms-of-reference. These include determination of fair remuneration for the Chief Executive 
Officer, the other executive directors and the group Chair (no director participates in 
discussions of their own remuneration). In addition, the committee receives 
recommendations from the Chief Executive Officer on the remuneration of those reporting 
to him, as well as advice from the Chief HR Officer, who acts as secretary to the committee.
Advisers to the committee
The committee appoints and receives advice from independent remuneration consultants 
on the latest developments in corporate governance and market trends in pay and incentive 
arrangements. The committee appointed Korn Ferry as adviser to the Remuneration 
Committee after a competitive tender process in 2017. The total fees paid to Korn Ferry in 
respect of its services to the committee during the year were £100,520 plus VAT. The fees 
paid to Korn Ferry are based on the standard market rates Korn Ferry has for remuneration 
committee advisory services.
Korn Ferry also provides consultancy services to the company in relation to certain employee 
and benefit matters to those below the Board. Korn Ferry is a signatory to the Remuneration 
Consultants Group Code of Conduct.
The committee is satisfied that the advice provided by Korn Ferry was independent and 
objective and that the provision of additional services did not compromise that independence. 
The committee is also satisfied that the team who provided that advice does not have any 
connection to Johnson Matthey that may impair their independence and objectivity.
Herbert Smith Freehills is the committee’s legal adviser. There was no requirement during 
2022/23 for Herbert Smith Freehills to provide advice to the committee. The committee is 
aware that Herbert Smith Freehills is one of a number of legal firms that provide legal advice 
and services to the company on a range of matters.
A statement regarding the use of remuneration consultants for the year ended 31st March 
2023 is available at matthey.com/corporate-governance
Statement of shareholder voting
We carefully monitor shareholder voting on our Remuneration Policy and its implementation. 
We recognise the importance of our shareholders’ continued support for our remuneration 
arrangements.
The next table shows the results of the polls taken on the resolution to approve the 
Remuneration Policy at the 2020 AGM and Annual Report on Remuneration at the 
2022 AGM.
Resolution Number of votes cast For Against Votes withheld
Remuneration 
Policy 148,233,329
126,978,681
(85.66%)1
21,183,260
(14.29%)1 1,552,871
Annual Report on 
Remuneration 131,879,954
122,460,038
(92.86%)
9,419,916
(7.14%) 1,271,380
1. Percentage of votes cast, excluding votes withheld
The Remuneration Committee believes that the 85.66% vote in favour of the Remuneration 
Policy at the 2020 AGM and the 92.86% vote in favour of the Annual Report on 
Remuneration at the 2022 AGM showed strong shareholder support for the group’s 
remuneration arrangements at that time.
Annual Report on remuneration
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023118
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Remuneration for the year ended 31st March 2023
Single total figure table of remuneration (audited)
Our Remuneration Policy operated as intended over the year, and the table below sets out the total remuneration and breakdown of the elements each director received in relation to the years 
ended 31st March 2023 and 31st March 2022. An explanation of how the figures are calculated follows the table.
Base salary/fees  
£’000
Benefits  
£’000
Pension1  
£’000
Total fixed remuneration  
£’000
Annual incentive  
£’000
Long-term incentive  
£’000
Total variable 
remuneration  
£’000
Total remuneration  
£’000
2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022
Executive directors
Liam Condon2 950 79 2805 24 143 12 1,373 115 1,274 – - – 1,274 – 2,647 115
Stephen Oxley 582 565 20 15 87 85 689 665 650 607 - – 650 607 1,339 1,272
Non-executive directors
Patrick Thomas 376 376 - – - – 376 376 - – - – - – 376 376
Jane Griffiths3 86 83 - – - – 86 83 - – - – - – 86 83
Chris Mottershead 86 86 - – - – 86 86 - – - – - – 86 86
John O’Higgins 87 87 - – - – 87 87 - – - – - – 87 87
Xiaozhi Liu 68 68 - – - – 68 68 - – - – - – 68 68
Doug Webb 89 89 - – - – 89 89 - – - – - – 89 89
Rita Forst4 67 33 - – - – 67 33 - – - – - – 67 33
1. Represents a cash allowance in lieu of a pension
2. Liam Condon was appointed to the Board as Chief Executive Officer on 1st March 2022
3. Jane Griffiths was appointed Chair of the SVC on 1st June 2021. 2022 fee pro-rated accordingly based on 2 and 10 months
4. Rita Forst was appointed to the Board on 4th October 2021
5. Liam Condon is entitled to certain allowances and benefits associated with his international relocation. These include housing (£180k), schooling and other family disturbance allowances (£70k)
Explanation of figures
Base salary/fees Salary paid during the year to executive directors and fees paid during the year to non-executive directors.
Benefits All taxable benefits, such as medical and life insurance, service and car allowances, mobility allowances, matching shares under the all-employee share incentive 
plan and assistance with tax advice and tax compliance services, where appropriate.
Pension The amounts shown represent the value of any cash supplements paid in lieu of pension membership.
Annual incentives Annual bonus awarded for the year ended 31st March 2023. The figure includes any amounts deferred and awarded as shares.
Long-term 
incentives
The 2023 figure represents the value of shares that satisfied performance conditions on 31st March 2023. The 2022 figure represents the value of shares that satisfied 
performance conditions on 31st March 2022. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 119
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Annual report on remuneration continued
Annual bonus for the year ended 31st March 2023 (audited)
Liam Condon and Stephen Oxley were eligible for a maximum annual bonus of 180% of base 
salary and 150% of base salary, respectively. The target bonus opportunity was set at 50% 
of maximum and the threshold bonus opportunity was 15% of maximum.
The performance measures and weightings for the annual bonus were as follows:
Percentage of bonus available
Group underlying 
PBT
Group working 
capital days1
Strategic 
objectives
Liam Condon 50% 20% 30%
Stephen Oxley 50% 20% 30%
1. Group working capital days is split 50% total working capital (including PGMs) and 50% total working capital days (excluding PGMs).
Performance targets were set by looking at:
• Previous year financial performance.
• Budgets and business plans for 2022/23. These are built from the bottom up and 
are subject to thorough challenge before being finalised by the board.
• Consensus of industry analysts’ forecasts, provided by Vara Research.
The committee also considered the performance range for the group profit measures and 
concluded that given the decrease in uncertainty in the market at the time the targets were 
set, the range should return to between 95% and 105% of target performance. The absolute 
level of profit needing to be achieved was also reset to better reflect the more positive outlook 
at the beginning of the year. The 2022/23 targets are considered similarly challenging, if not 
more challenging than those set in 2021/22.
The strategic objectives were set based on well-defined key deliverables that support our 
strategy relating to science, customers, operations and people.
Bonus outcomes
Based on performance against the targets, total bonuses for the year ended 31st March 2023 
were:
Financial 
measures 
outcome  
(% base salary)
Strategic 
measures 
formulaic 
outcome  
(% base salary)
Total bonus 
outcome  
(% base salary)
Total bonus 
outcome  
(% of target)
Total value of 
bonus1  
(£)
Liam Condon 107.1% 27.0% 134.1% 149.0% 1,273,567
Stephen Oxley 89.2% 22.5% 111.7% 149.0% 650,133
1. 50% of this figure is deferred into conditional shares subject to a three-year vesting period with no other performance conditions.
This figure represents the full bonus paid for the year
The detailed breakdown of performance against the financial targets and strategic objectives 
is set out in the next tables.
Financial measures
Performance measure
Bonus 
weighting Unit
Liam Condon Stephen Oxley
Maximum bonus 
available
(% base salary)
Outcome
(% base salary)
Maximum bonus 
available
(% base salary)
Outcome
(% base salary)
Group underlying PBT2
50%
£m £403.8m£365.3m £384.6m£399.9m 90 81 75 67.5
Group Working Capital Days (incl. pgms)1
10% Average 
days 25.7 days28.4 days27.0 days27.3 days 18 8.1 15 6.7
Group Working Capital Days (excl. pgms)1
10% Average 
days
46.1 days51.0 days48.6 days39.7 days
18 18 15 15
Total bonus for financial measures 126 107.1 105 89.2
1. Group underlying PBT and group working capital days are measured using Johnson Matthey’s budgeted foreign exchange rates
2. Outcome includes adjustments for business unit divestments and bonus targets being based on 50% constant and 50% actual metal prices
Outcome Target Threshold Maximum
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023120
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Annual report on remuneration continued
Strategic objectives
Objective Assessment
Formulaic 
outcome (% of  
target bonus)
Bonus  
payable (% of  
base salary)
Liam Condon A reduction in our ongoing operating cost as a contribution toward 
the three-year strategic goal of reducing our cost base by £150m.  
A reduction of c. £45m was achieved, which was in excess of the target 
for the year. 
100% 27%
An improvement in our employment engagement score as 
a contribution toward our 2030 sustainability target. 
Given the energy crisis and extended China lockdown we had to accelerate and 
broaden the scope of the business transformation, which has been unsettling 
for employees. As a result, there was no improvement in our engagement score 
and so this objective was missed.  
Develop detailed roadmap and action plans to ensure the 
achievement of our sustainability targets. 
Detailed roadmaps for ten sustainability targets were developed and validated 
by the board during the year. These roadmaps include over 100 identifiable 
actions in total that will ensure the delivery of our sustainability targets. 
Win at least two large-scale strategic partnerships in Hydrogen 
Technologies. 
Good progress has been made developing and securing partnerships in 
Hydrogen Technologies, plus strategic partnerships with Plug Power and Hystar 
have been announced.
Complete succession planning for Group Leadership Team with 
a focus on internal talent and diversity in the broadest sense, 
with development plans in place for potential successors.
Internal succession candidates were identified against an agreed success profile. 
Development actions were identified and development plans were prepared. 
In addition, progress continues to be made on increasing gender representation 
of our business leadership teams. 
Complete investor sentiment study and take steps to attract new 
investors, with the aim to diversify and strengthen investment base 
both geographically and from an ESG-point of view.
A high level of investor engagement was had during the year with 30% more 
meetings with existing and prospective investors, with increasing interest from 
US investors. ESG has been more embedded into our investor engagement. 
Stephen Oxley A reduction in our ongoing operating cost as a contribution toward 
the 3-year strategic goal of reducing our cost base by £150m.  
A reduction of c. £45m was achieved, which was in excess of the target for 
the year. 
100% 22.5%
An improvement in our employment engagement score as 
a contribution toward our 2030 sustainability target. 
Given the energy crisis and extended China lockdown we had to accelerate and 
broaden the scope of the business transformation, which has been unsettling 
for employees. As a result, there was no improvement in our engagement score 
and so this objective was missed. 
Develop detailed roadmap and action plans to ensure the 
achievement of our sustainability targets 
Detailed roadmaps for ten sustainability targets were developed and validated 
by the board during the year. These roadmaps include over 100 identifiable 
actions in total that will ensure the delivery of our sustainability targets. 
Implement a finance transformation plan including clarity of the 
specific three-year milestones and cost reductions to be achieved.  
Finance transformation is progressing with savings delivered in 2022/23 and 
identified for 2023/24. Financial controls, assurance and risk management 
has also been improved.  
Complete the sale of at least one Value Business and be well 
progressed in targeting >£300m of cash from disposals by 2025.
Two businesses have been sold, with one other well progressed.
Complete investor sentiment study and take steps to attract 
new investors, with the aim to diversify and strengthen investment 
base both geographically and from an ESG point of view.
A high level of investor engagement was had during the year with 30% more 
meetings with existing and prospective investors, with increasing interest from 
US investors. ESG has been more embedded into our investor engagement.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 121
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Annual report on remuneration continued
Long-term incentives
PSP awards vesting for the three-year performance period ended 31st March 2023 (audited)
The 2020 PSP awards were made in August 2020 and performance was measured over the period 1st April 2020 to 31st March 2023. After the performance period, shares are no longer subject 
to performance conditions, and where the performance conditions are met, the shares will vest on the fifth anniversary of the award. The awards vest on a straight-line basis between threshold 
(15% vesting for EPS and 25% vesting for TSR) and maximum (100% vesting). The performance condition for the 2020 award and the actual performance achieved are shown below.
Weighting Threshold Maximum Actual
Compound annual growth rate in earnings per share 50% 3% 8% -1%
Relative total shareholder return 50%
Median
(22.2%)
Upper 
Quartile
(53.6%)
Below 
Threshold
(6.23%)
Liam Condon and Stephen Oxley did not have 2020 PSP awards.
PSP awards granted in the year ended 31st March 2023 (audited)
The next table provides details of the PSP awards entitled to executive directors in the year ended 31st March 2023.
Executive directors Award date Award type
Award size  
(% of base salary)
Number of shares 
awarded Face value1 % vesting at threshold2 End of performance period End of holding period
Liam Condon 1st August 2022 Conditional shares 250 115,260 £2,374,990 21% 31st March 2025 1st August 2027
Stephen Oxley 1st August 2022 Conditional shares 175 49,424 £1,018,406 21% 31st March 2025 1st August 2027
1. Face value is calculated using the award share price of 2,060.55 pence, which is the average closing share price over the four-week period starting on 26th May 2022
2. Threshold vesting is 15% for the earnings per share (EPS) measure and 25% for the relative total shareholder return (TSR) measure. The value shown is the average threshold vesting for the award
The performance targets and vesting ranges for the 2022 award are set out below:
40% of performance condition 40% of performance condition
Compound annual growth rate in earnings per share Relative total shareholder return
Performance Proportion of shares vesting Performance Proportion of shares vesting
<3% 0% Below median 0%
3% 15% Median 25%
8% 100% Upper quartile 100%
Between 3% and 8% Straight-line between 15% and 100% Between median and upper quartile Straight-line between 25% and 100%
20% of performance condition
Sustainability scorecard (targets equally weighted)
Tonnes of GHG avoided using technologies enabled by our products and solutions Reduction in scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions Percentage of female representation across management levels
Performance  Proportion of shares vesting Performance  Proportion of shares vesting Performance  Proportion of shares vesting
< 5.2m tonnes (MT) 0% Below 12% reduction 0% Below 31% representation 0%
5.2 MT 25% 12% reduction 25% 31% representation 25%
6.0 MT 100% 14% reduction 100% 32% representation 100%
Between 5.2 MT  
and 6.0 MT
Straight-line between 25% 
and 100%
Between 12% and 14% 
reduction
Straight-line between 25% 
and 100%
Between 31% and 32% 
representation
Straight-line between 25% 
and 100% 
In addition to the EPS, TSR and sustainability scorecard performance conditions, the Remuneration Committee considers the performance of ROIC over the performance period to ensure that 
earnings growth is achieved in a sustainable and efficient manner.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023122
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Annual report on remuneration continued
Statement of directors’ shareholding (audited)
The table below shows the directors’ interests in the shares of the company, together with 
their unvested scheme interests, effective 31st March 2023.
Ordinary  
shares1
Subject to 
ongoing 
performance 
conditions2
Not subject  
to further 
performance 
conditions3
Executive directors
Liam Condon 31,000 145,075 –
Stephen Oxley 14,991 81,117 56,2234
Non-executive directors
Patrick Thomas 13,194 – –
Jane Griffiths 5,171 – –
Chris Mottershead 5,718 – –
John O’Higgins 1,500 – –
Xiaozhi Liu 4,000 – –
Doug Webb 6,500 – –
Rita Forst 4,000 – –
1. Includes shares held by the director and / or connected persons, including those in the all-employee share matching plan. Shares in the 
all-employee share matching plan may be subject to forfeiture in accordance with the rules of the plan
2. Represents unvested PSP shares within three years of the date of award
3. Represents unvested deferred bonus shares that are not subject to service conditions and the buy-out award made to Stephen Oxley 
on joining JM, which is subject to ongoing service conditions
4. Includes 41,500 shares awarded in year end 31st March 2022 to compensate for the loss of KMPG long-term deferred cash award
Directors’ interests as at 25th May 2023 were unchanged from those listed above other 
than that the Trustees of the all-employee share matching plan have purchased another 
130 shares for Stephen Oxley.
Executive directors are expected to achieve a shareholding guideline of 250% of base salary 
for the Chief Executive Officer and 200% for other executive directors, within a reasonable 
timeframe. The director’s total shareholding for the purposes of comparing it with the 
minimum shareholding requirement includes shares held beneficially by the director and 
any connected persons (as recognised by the Remuneration Committee), together with 
the shares awarded under the Deferred Bonus Plan (DBP), for which there are no further 
performance or service conditions.
Shares that count towards achieving the post-cessation guideline include the same as those 
while an executive director. Executive directors are expected to retain at least 50% of the net 
(after tax) vested shares that are released under the PSP and DBP until the required levels 
of shareholding are achieved.
Executive director shareholdings as at 31st March 2023 as a percentage of base salary1 
are shown below:
Requirement Achievement
Liam Condon2
70%250%
Stephen Oxley3
110%200%
1. Value of shares as a percentage of base salary is calculated using a share value of 2,145.67 pence, which was the average share price 
prevailing between 1st January 2023 and 31st March 2023
2. Liam Condon was appointed Chief Executive Officer on 1st March 2022 and will build his shareholding over a reasonable timeframe
3. Stephen Oxley was appointed Chief Financial Officer on 1st April 2021 and will build his shareholding over a reasonable timeframe
Pension entitlements (audited)
No director is currently accruing any pension benefit in the group’s pension schemes. 
Both Liam Condon and Stephen Oxley receive an annual cash payment in lieu of pension 
membership, equal to 15% of base salary. This is in line with pension provision for the 
wider workforce.
Payments to former Chief Executive (Robert MacLeod)
Robert MacLeod received a total of £325,401 in salary and benefits prior to retirement 
on 21st July 2022 (comprising of £264,720 basic pay, £54,048 pension and £6,633 benefits). 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 123
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Annual report on remuneration continued
Performance graph and comparison to Chief Executive Officer’s remuneration
Johnson Matthey and FTSE 100 total shareholder return rebased to 100
The following chart illustrates the total cumulative shareholder return of the company for the ten-year period from 1st April 2013 to 31st March 2023 against the FTSE 100 as the most appropriate 
comparator group when considering our market capitalisation over the period, rebased to 100 at 1st April 2013.
FTSE 100 Johnson Matthey
March 2023March 2022March 2021March 2020March 2019March 2018March 2017March 2016March 2015March 2014March 2013
50
100
150
200
250
300
Historical data regarding Chief Executive Officer’s remuneration
2012/13 2013/141 2014/152 2015/163 2016/17 2017/18 2018/19 2019/20 2020/21 2021/224 2022/236
Single total figure of remuneration (£000) 3,025 3,855 2,539 1,429 1,971 2,013 2,784 1,462 2,532 1,672 2,647
Annual incentives (% of maximum) – 71 54 15 40 69 45 26 98 42 75
Long-term incentives (% of award vesting)5 100 75 – 33 28 – 67 – – – -
1. Figures before to 2014/15 are in respect of Neil Carson
2. The figures for 2014/15 are in respect of both Robert MacLeod and Neil Carson, who both held the position of Chief Executive Officer in the year. The single total figure of £2,539k comprises £1,594k for Robert MacLeod and £945k for Neil Carson
3. Figures from 2015/16 to 2020/21 are in respect of Robert MacLeod
4. The figures for 2021/22 are in respect of both Robert MacLeod and Liam Condon, who both held the position of Chief Executive Officer in the year. The single total figure of £1,672k comprises £1,557k for Robert MacLeod and £115k for Liam Condon. The value shown for annual incentives 
relates to Robert MacLeod only because Liam Condon was not eligible to participate in the AIP in 2021/22
5. Vesting of long-term incentive awards whose three-year performance period ended in the financial year shown
6. Figures for 2022/23 are in respect of Liam Condon
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023124
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Annual report on remuneration continued
Change in directors’ remuneration
The table below shows how the remuneration of directors, both executive and non-executive, has changed over the year ended 31st March 2023. This is then compared to employees 
of Johnson Matthey Plc.
2023 2022 2021
Salary Bonus Benefits Salary Bonus Benefits Salary Bonus Benefits
Executive directors
Liam Condon1 0% – – – – – – – –
Stephen Oxley2 3% 7% – – – – – – –
Non-executive directors
Patrick Thomas 0% 0% 0% 2% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
Jane Griffiths 3%10 0% 0% 24%3 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
Chris Mottershead 0% 0% 0% 2% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
John O’Higgins 0% 0% 0% 10%4 0% 0% 27% 0% 0%
Xiaozhi Liu 0% 0% 0% 2% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
Doug Webb 0% 0% 0% 10%5 0% 0% 31% 0% 0%
Rita Forst6 100%11 0% 0% – – – – – –
Comparator group
JM Plc employees 8%7 -10%8 0%9 6%7 4% 0% 2% 312% 0%
1. Liam Condon was appointed Chief Executive Officer on 1st March 2022, so no change in compensation can be calculated for 2021 or 2022. No change in bonus can be calculated for 2023 as not eligible in 2022 
2. Stephen Oxley was appointed Chief Financial Officer on 1st April 2021, so no change in compensation can be calculated for 2021 or 2022
3. Represents the additional fee received for taking the SVC Chair position on 1st June 2021 and annual fee review
4. Represents the additional fee received for taking the Senior Independent Director role on 23rd July 2020 and annual fee review
5. Represents the additional fee received for taking the Audit Committee Chair role on 23rd July 2020 and annual fee review
6. Rita Forst was appointed to the board on 4th October 2021, so no change in compensation can be calculated for 2021 or 2022
7. Includes promotions and market adjustments
8. The percentage change in bonus was calculated based on the change in bonus accrual taken for Johnson Matthey Plc (JM Plc) employees, excluding the directors, for the 2021/22 and 2022/23 years and for the 2020/21 and 2021/22 years, respectively
9. There has been no change to the benefits policy for JM Plc employees; therefore, a 0% change has been reported
10. Represents the additional fee received for taking the SVC Chair position on 1st June 2021, which was pro-rated in 2022 
11. Rita Forst was appointed to the Board on 4th October 2021 and received a pro-rated fee for 6 months in 2022 and full fee based on 12 months in 2023
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 125
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Annual report on remuneration continued
Relative spend on pay
The table below shows the absolute and relative amounts of distributions to shareholders 
and the total remuneration for the group for the years ended 31st March 2022 and 
31st March 2023.
Year ended  
31st March 2022  
£ million
Year ended  
31st March 2023 
£ million % change
Payments to shareholders – special dividends – – –
Payments to shareholders – ordinary dividends 139 141 1%
Share buyback1 155 45
Total remuneration (all employees)2 718 732 2%
1. On 13th May 2022, the company completed its £200 million share buyback programme which commenced on 21st December 2021. 
During the year the company purchased 2,271,920 shares at a cost of £45 million
2. Figure is for all operations (excluding Health) and excludes termination benefits
Chief Executive Officer to employee pay ratio
The table below shows the ratio of Chief Executive Officer to employee pay for 2020-2023. 
We have compared the single total figure of remuneration for the Chief Executive Officer 
to the total pay and benefits of UK employees, on a full-time equivalent basis, who are 
ranked at the lower quartile, median and upper quartile across all UK employees effective 
31st March 2023.
We believe that using total pay and benefits for the year ending 31st March 2023 provides 
a like-for-like comparison to the Chief Executive Officer pay data.
Chief Executive Officer pay ratio 2020 2021 20221 2023
Method
Total pay and 
benefits in 2019/20
Total pay and 
benefits in 2020/21
Total pay and 
benefits in 2021/22
Total pay and 
benefits in 2022/23
Chief Executive 
Officer single figure £1,462,000 £2,532,000 £1,672,0002 £2,646,222
Upper quartile 22:1 35:1 20:1 37:1
Median 28:1 45:1 28:1 49:1
Lower quartile 36:1 57:1 35:1 60:1
1. Chief Executive Officer pay ratio revised to include employee bonuses payable in relation to 2021/22. This changed upper quartile from 
36:1 to 20:1, median from 34:1 to 28:1 and lower quartile from 41:1 to 35:1
2. The Chief Executive Officer single figure for 2021/22 is in respect of both Robert MacLeod and Liam Condon, who both held the position 
of Chief Executive Officer in the year. The single total figure of £1,672,000 comprises £1,557,000 for Robert MacLeod and £115,000 
for Liam Condon
Bonus data for UK employees was left out of the 2023 calculation because it was not 
administratively possible to calculate these bonuses before the publication of this report. 
However, the calculation will be revised to include these bonuses once available and will 
be disclosed in the 2024 report. Excluding the 2022/23 bonus payable to the Chief Executive 
Officer from the calculation would result in the following pay ratios: lower quartile – 29:1, 
median – 23:1 and upper quartile – 18:1.
The salary and total pay for the individuals identified at the lower quartile, median and upper 
quartile positions in 2023 are set out below:
2023 Salary1 Total pay
Upper quartile individual £59,278 £72,086
Median individual £47,149 £54,458
Lower quartile individual £38,401 £44,108
1. Includes shift allowance
Our principles for pay setting and progression are consistent across the organisation. 
Underpinning our principles is a need to provide a competitive total reward to enable the 
attraction and retention of high-calibre individuals and giving the opportunity for individual 
development and career progression. The pay ratios reflect the difference in role 
accountabilities that are recognised through our pay structures and the greater variable pay 
opportunity for more senior positions. The Chief Executive Officer’s variable pay opportunity 
is higher than those employees noted in the table reflecting the weighting towards long-term 
value creation and alignment with shareholder interests inherent in this role.
The movement in our Chief Executive Officer to employee pay ratio between 2020-2023 
is driven by the different bonus outcomes and fixed income for the Chief Executive Officer 
in each of these years. There have been no other changes to remuneration arrangements 
for our UK employees that would affect the CEO pay ratio.
We are satisfied that the median pay ratio is consistent with our wider pay, reward and 
progression policies for employees. All our employees have the opportunity for annual pay 
increases, career progression and development opportunities.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023126
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Annual report on remuneration continued
Implementing the Directors’ Remuneration Policy for 2023/24
The table below sets out how the Remuneration Committee intends to apply the Directors’ Remuneration Policy for the year ended 31st March 2024.
Salary The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer both received a pay increase of 3.5%. This is below the increase awarded to other UK employees.
Benefits No change to policy applied in 2023/24.
Pension All executive directors will have a maximum pension cash supplement of 15%.
Annual incentives The maximum bonus opportunity for 2023/24 remains unchanged at 180% of salary for the Chief Executive Officer and 150% of salary for the Chief Financial Officer.
2023/24 bonus will be based on underlying profit before tax (50%), working capital (20%) and strategic and transformation objectives (30%). Targets for the Chief Executive Officer 
and Chief Financial Officer will be based on group performance. 
The 2023/24 targets are considered similarly challenging, if not more challenging to those set in 2022/23, when accounting for the divestments in the year and uncertain economic 
outlook. The recalibration of targets has been set taking this into account as well as internal and external planning. To the extent that metal prices move outside a defined corridor the 
Remuneration Committee will rebase the targets such that they are similarly challenging as when the targets were originally set. The Remuneration Committee considers the forward-
looking targets to be commercially sensitive but full retrospective disclosure of the actual targets will be included in next year’s Directors’ Remuneration report.
50% of any bonus paid will be deferred in shares for three years, and the payment of any bonus is subject to appropriate malus and clawback provisions.
Long-term incentives The Chief Executive Officer award level is 250% of base salary and the Chief Financial Officer award level is 175% of base salary. These award levels are in line with our remuneration policy.
The long-term Performance Share Plan will be based on EPS growth targets (30% of the award), relative TSR performance (40% of the award) and specific and measurable strategic 
objectives (30% of award). 
The range of annualised EPS growth targets that the committee intends to set for the 2023/24 awards is 1% per annum growth for threshold (15%) vesting, rising to 7% per annum growth for 
maximum vesting (100%). Vesting will be on a straight-line basis between 1% and 7%. The committee considered the effect of metal price volatility on potential outcomes and, as a result, earnings 
will be assessed 50% against actual metal prices and 50% against constant metal prices. The committee believes that this will allow for a more accurate assessment of underlying business performance.
The TSR target will be 25% vesting for median performance, increasing on a straight-line basis to 100% vesting for upper quartile performance. The TSR peer group will be the FTSE 31 
– 100 (excluding financial services companies). The committee considers that this comparator group remains the most appropriate given our current market capitalisation.
The strategic objectives scorecard will consist of four equally weighted metrics. Threshold vesting will be 25%, increasing on a straight-line basis to 100% at maximum. The four metrics 
are as follows:
• Products and services – tonnes of GHG avoided during the period using technologies enabled by our products and solutions, compared to conventional solutions, where threshold vesting 
will be 8.0 million tonnes GHG avoided and maximum will be 12.0 million tonnes GHG avoided.
• Operations – reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions (from the 2020 baseline), where threshold vesting will be achieved for a 20% reduction in GHG emissions and maximum vesting 
for a 25% reduction in GHG emissions.
• People – percentage of female representation across our management levels, where threshold vesting will be achieved at 32% female representation at management levels and 
maximum at 33% female representation at management levels.
• Business transformation – establish global business services and deliver a reduction in associated employment costs (from the 2022 baseline). The performance range is commercially 
sensitive and will be disclosed at such a time when it is no longer considered commercially sensitive. 
Awards vest in year three and are then subject to a two-year holding period.
Chairman and 
non-executive 
director fees
The fees for the Chair and non-executive directors were reviewed during the year and increased in line with the increase awarded to executive directors.
This Remuneration Report was approved by the Board of Directors on 25th May 2023 and signed on its behalf by:
Chris Mottershead
Chair of the Remuneration Committee
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 127
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Annual report on remuneration continued
Directors’ report
Statutory and other information
The Directors’ report required under the Companies Act 2006 (2006 Act) comprises the Governance report (pages 73 to127), including the Sustainability report for our disclosure of carbon 
emissions, which is included in the Strategic report (pages 20 to 44). The management report required under Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 4.1.8R comprises the Strategic report 
(pages 1 to 72), which includes the risks relating to our business, and the Directors’ report.
Other disclosures
Dividend reinvestment plan A dividend reinvestment plan is available. This allows shareholders to purchase additional shares in Johnson Matthey Plc with their dividend payment. Further information and 
a mandate can be obtained from our registrar, Equiniti, and on our website: matthey.com
Directors’ indemnities 
and insurance
Johnson Matthey Plc has granted indemnities to each Johnson Matthey Plc director and the directors of the group’s subsidiaries in respect of certain liabilities arising against them 
in the course of their duties. Neither Johnson Matthey Plc or any subsidiary has indemnified any director of the Company or a subsidiary in respect of any liability that they may incur 
to a third party in relation to a relevant occupational pension scheme. The Company maintains appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance.
Conflicts of interest The Board has a policy for identifying and managing directors’ conflicts of interest, which extends to cover close family members. The Board annually reviews external appointments 
to consider any potential or actual conflict of interest. If a conflict of interest is declared, the Board will review the authorisation and terms associated, to ensure that all matters 
presented to the Board are considered solely with a view to promoting JM’s business success. For the year under review, there were no potential or actual conflicts of interest.
External appointments The Board approves all external appointments in advance of acceptance. If an external appointment arises between meetings, this is considered by the Chair and Chief Executive 
Officer, with the assistance of the Company Secretary. In approving each additional external appointment, the Board assesses time commitment to ensure that no directors are 
considered over boarded.
Index of disclosures referred to elsewhere in the report
Business model 8-9 Employee engagement 35,  80
Dividends 193 Diversity and employment of disabled persons 36
Results 55-61, 144 Greenhouse gas emissions 28
Research and development activities 14-21, 60 Human rights and anti-bribery and corruption 38-39
Future developments 14-21 Modern slavery and human trafficking statement 39 /matthey.com
Non-financial key performance indicators 3 Whistleblowing (Speak Up) 42
Directors 76-77 Use of financial instruments 154
Directors’ interests 123 Related party transactions 205
Corporate governance statement 73 Share capital 193-194
Section 172 statement and stakeholder engagement 72, 84-86
Listing Rule 9.8.4R
Details of the disclosures to be made 
under Listing Rule 9.8.4R are listed below.
• Interest capitalised 175
• Allotments of equity securities 
for cash
130
• Dividend waiver 130
There are no other applicable disclosures.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023128
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Other disclosures
Directors’ reappointment Johnson Matthey Plc’s Articles of Association (the Articles) provide the rules on director appointments and are consistent with the recommendation contained within the Code. 
All directors retire and are eligible for re-election at each AGM (except any director appointed after the notice of an AGM meeting is published and before that AGM is held).
Directors’ powers The powers of the directors are determined by the Articles, UK legislation including the 2006 Act, and any directions given by the Company in general meetings. The directors are 
authorised by the Company’s Articles to issue and allot ordinary shares and to make market purchases of its own shares. These powers are referred to shareholders for renewal at each 
AGM. Further information is set out below under ‘Authority to purchase own shares’.
Constitution
Articles of Association The Articles may only be amended by a special resolution at a general meeting of the Company. The Articles were adopted on 17th July 2019 and are available on our  
website: matthey.com/corporate-governance.
Branches The Company and its subsidiaries have established branches in several different countries in which they operate.
Change of control As at 31st March 2023 and as at the date of approval of this Annual Report, there were no significant agreements, to which the company or any subsidiary was or is a party to, that take 
effect, alter or terminate on a change of control of the Company, whether following a takeover bid or otherwise.
However, the Company and its subsidiaries were, as at 31st March 2023, and as at the date of approval of this report, party to a number of commercial agreements. These may allow 
counterparties to alter or terminate the commercial agreements on a change of control of JM following a takeover bid. These are not deemed significant in terms of their potential 
effect on the group.
The group also has a number of loan notes and borrowing facilities that may require prepayment of principal and payment of accrued interest and breakage costs if there is a change 
of control of JM. The group has entered into a series of financial instruments to hedge its currency, interest rate and metal price exposures, which provide for termination or alteration 
if a change of control at JM materially weakens the creditworthiness of the group.
The executive directors’ service contracts each contain a provision to the effect that, if the contract is terminated by the Company within one year after a change of control of the 
Company, JM will pay an amount equivalent to one year’s gross base salary and other contractual benefits, less the period of any notice given by the Company, to the director as 
liquidated damages.
The rules of the Company’s employee share schemes set out the consequences of a change of control of the Company on participants’ rights under the schemes. Generally, the rights 
will vest and become exercisable on a change of control, subject to the satisfaction of relevant performance conditions. As at 31st March 2023, and as at the date of approval of this 
Annual Report, there were no other agreements between the Company, any subsidiaries and directors or employees, providing compensation for loss of office or employment 
(through resignation, purported redundancy or otherwise) that occurs due to a takeover bid.
Stakeholders and policies
Suppliers We recognise the importance of good supplier relationships to our overall success. Further information on our payment practices is on the UK government’s reporting portal.
 Read more about our Supplier Code of Conduct and our engagement with suppliers during the year on page 40
Political donations No political donations or contributions to political parties under the 2006 Act have been made during the year. The group policy is that no political donations be made or political 
expenditure incurred.
Events occurring after 
the reporting period
There have been no important events affecting Johnson Matthey Plc or any subsidiary between 31st March 2023 and the date of approval of this annual report, 25th May 2023.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 129
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Directors’ Report continued
Shareholders and share capital
AGM Our 2023 AGM will be held on Thursday 20th July 2023 at 11.00 am at Herbert Smith Freehills, Exchange House, 12 Primrose Street, London EC2A 2EG. We will provide a live webcast 
and telephone conference so shareholders can also participate virtually and ask questions in real time. Details on how to join are included in the Notice of AGM. In the Notice, 
we propose separate resolutions on each substantially separate issue. For each resolution, shareholders may direct their proxy to vote either for or against or to withhold their vote. 
A ‘vote withheld’ is not legally a vote and will not be counted in the calculation of the proportion of the votes cast. All AGM resolutions are decided with an electronic poll, with the 
results announced as soon as possible and posted on our website. This poll will show votes for and against, as well as votes withheld.
Authority to purchase 
own shares
At the 2022 AGM, shareholders authorised Johnson Matthey Plc to make market purchases of up to 18,312,226 ordinary shares of 110 49/53 pence each, representing 10% of the then 
issued share capital of the company (excluding treasury shares). Any shares so purchased by Johnson Matthey may be cancelled or held as treasury shares. This authority will cease 
at the conclusion of the 2023 AGM, and shareholders will be asked to give a similar authority at the AGM.
There were no share allotments during the year.
Rights and obligations 
attaching to shares
The rights and obligations attaching to the ordinary shares in Johnson Matthey Plc are set out in the Articles.
As at 31st March 2023, and as at the date of approval of this Annual Report, there were no restrictions on the transfer of ordinary shares in the Company, no limitations on the holding 
of securities and no requirements to obtain the approval of the Company, or of other holders of securities in Johnson Matthey Plc, for a transfer of securities – except as referred 
to below. The directors may, in certain circumstances, refuse to register the transfer of a share in certificated form that is not fully paid up, where the instrument of transfer does 
not comply with the requirements of the Company’s Articles, or if entitled under the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. As at 31st March 2023 and as at the date of approval  
of this report:
• No person held securities in Johnson Matthey Plc carrying any special rights with regard to control of the Company
• There were no restrictions on voting rights (including any limitations on voting rights of holders of a given percentage or number of votes or deadlines for exercising voting rights), 
except that a shareholder can only vote in respect of a share if it is fully paid
• There were no arrangements by which, with the Company’s cooperation, financial rights carried by shares in the Company are held by a person other than the holder of the shares
• There were no agreements known to the Company between holders of securities that may result in restrictions on the transfer of securities or on voting rights.
Nominees, financial assistance 
and liens
During the year:
• No shares in Johnson Matthey Plc were acquired by the Company’s nominee, or by a person with financial assistance from the Company, in either case where the Company has 
a beneficial interest in the shares (and no person acquired shares in the Company in any previous financial year in its capacity as the Company’s nominee or with financial assistance 
from the Company)
• The Company did not obtain or hold a lien or other charge over its own shares.
Allotment of securities for cash 
and placing of equity securities
During the year neither Johnson Matthey Plc or any major subsidiary undertaking of the Company has allotted equity securities for cash. During the year, JM has not participated in any 
equity securities’ placing.
American Depositary Receipt 
programme
Johnson Matthey has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programme, which BNY Mellon administers and for which it acts as Depositary. Each ADR represents two 
ordinary Johnson Matthey shares. The ADRs trade on the US over-the-counter market under the symbol JMPLY. When dividends are paid to shareholders, the Depositary converts those 
dividends into US dollars, net of fees and expenses, and distributes the net amount to ADR holders.
Employee share schemes At 31st March 2023, 3,211 current and former employees were shareholders in Johnson Matthey Plc through the group’s employee share schemes. Through these schemes, current 
and former employees held 2,773,189 ordinary shares or 1.51% of issued share capital, excluding treasury shares. Also as at 31st March 2023, 2,930,062 ordinary shares had been 
awarded but had not yet vested, under the Company’s long-term incentive plans, to 407 current and former employees.
Shares acquired by employees through JM’s employee share schemes rank equally with the other shares in issue and have no special rights. Voting rights in respect of shares held 
through the Company’s employee share schemes are not exercisable directly by employees. However, employees can direct the trustee of the schemes to exercise voting rights on their 
behalf. The trustee of the Company’s Employee Share Ownership Trust (ESOT) has waived its right to dividends on shares held by the ESOT, which have not yet vested unconditionally 
to employees.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023130
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Directors’ Report continued
Shareholders and share capital
Interests in voting rights The following information has been disclosed to the Company under the FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules in respect of notifiable interests in the voting rights 
in Johnson Matthey Plc’s issued share capital:
As at 31st March 2023:
Nature 
of holding
Total 
voting rights1
% of total
voting rights2
Bank of America Corporation Indirect3 17,234,329 9.39
BlackRock, Inc. Indirect3 20,545,316 11.73
Jefferies Financial Group Direct 10,540,153 5.74
Standard Latitude Master Fund Ltd Direct 9,655,039 5.23
1. Total voting rights attaching to the issued ordinary share capital of the company (excluding treasury shares) at the time of disclosure to the Company
2. % of total voting rights at the date of disclosure to the Company
3. Indirect holdings include qualifying financial instruments and contract for differences
Other than as stated above, as far as the Company is aware, there is no person with a significant direct or indirect holding of securities in Johnson Matthey Plc. This information was 
correct at the date of notification. However, since notiﬁcation of any change is not required until the next notiﬁable threshold is crossed, these holdings are likely to have changed. 
Between 31st March 2023 and the date of this report, 24th May 2023, the Company has been notified of changes in the following interests:
 
Nature 
of holding
Total 
voting rights1
% of total
voting rights2
Bank of America Corporation Indirect3 21,966,209 11.98
BlackRock, Inc. Indirect3 20,516,280 11.16
1. Total voting rights attaching to the issued ordinary share capital of the company (excluding treasury shares) at the time of disclosure to the company
2. % of total voting rights at the date of disclosure to the company
3. Indirect holdings include qualifying financial instruments and contract for differences
Contracts with controlling 
shareholders
During the year there were no contracts of significance (as defined in the FCA’s Listing Rules) between any group undertaking and a controlling shareholder, and no contracts 
for the provision of services to any group undertaking by a controlling shareholder.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 131
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Directors’ Report continued
Statement of directors’ responsibilities in 
respect of the Annual Report and Accounts
The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and Accounts and the financial 
statements in accordance with applicable law and regulation.
Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. 
Under that law, the directors have prepared the group and the parent company financial 
statements in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards.
Under company law, directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are 
satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the group and parent 
company and of the profit or loss of the group for that period. In preparing the financial 
statements, the directors are required to:
• select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
• state whether applicable UK-adopted international accounting standards have  
been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the  
financial statements;
• make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and
• prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate  
to presume that the group and parent company will continue in business.
The directors are responsible for safeguarding the assets of the group and parent company 
and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other 
irregularities.
The directors are also responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient 
to show and explain the group’s and parent company’s transactions and disclose with 
reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the group and parent company 
and enable them to ensure that the financial statements and the Directors’ Remuneration 
Report comply with the Companies Act 2006.
The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the parent company’s 
website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of financial 
statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.
Responsibilities of directors
Directors’ confirmations
The directors consider that the Annual Report and Accounts, taken as a whole, is fair, 
balanced and understandable and provides the information necessary for shareholders 
to assess the group’s and parent company’s position and performance, business model 
and strategy.
Each of the directors, whose names and functions are listed in the Governance section of the 
Annual Report and Accounts, confirm that, to the best of their knowledge:
• the group and parent company financial statements, which have been prepared in 
accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards, give a true and fair view 
of the assets, liabilities and financial position of the group and parent company, and of 
the loss of the group; and
• the Strategic report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the 
business and the position of the group and parent company, together with a description  
of the principal risks and uncertainties that it faces.
• In the case of each director in office at the date the directors’ report is approved:
• so far as the director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the group’s 
and parent company’s auditors are unaware; and
• they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a director in order to make 
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the group’s  
and parent company’s auditors are aware of that information.
The Directors’ report and responsibilities statement was approved by the Board on  
25th May 2023 and is signed on its behalf by:
Nick Cooper
General Counsel and Company Secretary
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023132
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Independent auditors’ report to the members  
of Johnson Matthey Plc
Report on the audit of the financial statements
Opinion
In our opinion:
• Johnson Matthey Plc’s group financial statements and company financial statements 
(the “financial statements”) give a true and fair view of the state of the group’s and of the 
company’s affairs as at 31 March 2023 and of the group’s profit and the group’s cash flows 
for the year then ended;
• the group financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with 
UK‑adopted international accounting standards as applied in accordance with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2006;
• the company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with United 
Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, 
including FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”, and applicable law); and
• the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements 
of the Companies Act 2006.
We have audited the financial statements, included within the Annual Report and Accounts 
(the “Annual Report”), which comprise: the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
and Parent Company Statement of Financial Position as at 31 March 2023; the Consolidated 
Income Statement and Consolidated Statement of Total Comprehensive Income, the 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
and Parent Company Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended; and the notes 
to the financial statements, which include a description of the significant accounting policies.
Our opinion is consistent with our reporting to the Audit Committee.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) 
(“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under ISAs (UK) are further described 
in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide 
a basis for our opinion.
Independence
We remained independent of the group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are 
relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical 
Standard, as applicable to listed public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non‑audit services prohibited by the 
FRC’s Ethical Standard were not provided.
Other than those disclosed in note 4, we have provided no non‑audit services to the company 
or its controlled undertakings in the period under audit.
Our audit approach
Overview
Audit scope
• We conducted a full scope audit or specified procedures at 32 business units which together 
account for 83% of group revenue and 71% of group underlying profit before tax from 
continuing operations.
• We maintained regular contact with our component teams and evaluated the outcome 
of their audit work.
Key audit matters
• Refinery metal accounting (group and parent)
• Carrying value of goodwill (group and parent)
• Uncertain tax provisions (group and parent)
• Claims, uncertainties and other provisions (group and parent)
Materiality
• Overall group materiality: £21.1 million (2022: £21.8 million) based on approximately 
5% of the three year average profit before tax from continuing operations, adjusted 
for loss on disposal of businesses, gains and losses on significant legal proceedings, major 
impairment and restructuring charges.
• Overall company materiality: £60 million (2022: £60 million) based on 1% of total assets. 
However the materiality is capped at £20 million (2021: £20 million) for the purpose 
of the audit of the consolidated financial statements, this being the maximum allocation 
of group materiality to a component.
• Performance materiality: £15.8 million (2022: £16.3 million) (group) and £15 million 
(2022: £15 million) (company).
The scope of our audit
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material 
misstatement in the financial statements.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 133
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in the auditors’ professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and include the most 
significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by the auditors, including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; 
the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters, and any comments we make on the results of our procedures thereon, were addressed 
in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
This is not a complete list of all risks identified by our audit.
Claims, uncertainties and other provisions is a new key audit matter this year. Divestment of the Health business and Battery Materials exit, which were key audit matters last year, are no longer 
included because these represent transactions that have been less complex and required less audit effort from the engagement team in the current year. Otherwise, the key audit matters below 
are consistent with last year.
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Refinery metal accounting (group and parent)  
Refer to the Significant issues considered by the Audit Committee within the Audit Committee 
Report and note 1 and 36 to the financial statements. 
As part of its refining activities the group processes a significant amount of metal on behalf of third 
parties, whereby the group must return pre‑agreed recoverable quantities of refined metal to those 
parties at an agreed date. Any metal in excess of this pre‑agreed quantity is retained by the group. 
As such, the group makes an estimate of how much metal it will recover as part of its refining 
operations. 
The majority of metal processed at refineries is owned by customers and is not held on the financial 
balance sheet of the group. As such, the group performs a metal balance sheet reconciliation 
to ensure quantities of precious metals held at year‑end are appropriately understood, classified 
as either owned by Johnson Matthey or the customer and reconciled to its financial position. 
This ensures that only the group‑owned inventory is recorded on the balance sheet and that the 
price allocated to this owned inventory is at the lower of cost and net realisable value. 
During the refining process there are a series of complex estimates including: 
(i) Estimation of the level of metal contained in the carrier material entering the refining process, 
the refined metal that leaves the refining process, and the residual metal in the refining process 
at year-end; 
(ii) Estimates of the process losses of precious metals that may be lost during the refining and 
fabrication process, and the adequacy of these provisions; 
(iii) Estimates of the metal in the refinery process as informed by refinery stocktakes, and 
the subsequent sampling and assaying to assess the precious metal content in stocktake 
samples; and 
(iv) Estimates of the net realisable value of unhedged metal held at year‑end.
Each of these estimates impacts different areas of the audit. The refining process and its 
associated estimates are an area of focus for our audit due to the inherent complexity of the 
accounting and amount of metal processed are deemed a significant risk due to the inherent 
complexity of the accounting and amount of metal processed.
We evaluated the design and operation of key controls at the main refining locations over 
refinery stocktakes and metal assaying procedures. 
We tested that the metal balance sheet was prepared and reviewed on a monthly basis. 
We tested the classification of precious metals at year‑end on the metal balance sheet, 
to determine if metal was owned by the group or the customer. Our procedures included 
sending confirmations to customers, and testing the balance of customer metal that was 
in the refining process, but not contractually due. 
We assessed management’s policy for recognising stocktake gains and losses arising 
from stocktakes. We attended physical stock counts at sites where these were performed 
by management. The purpose was to verify the existence of inventory and adherence 
to the group’s stocktake processes, and the reasonableness of stocktake gains and losses 
at these sites. 
We assessed the underlying controls that have been implemented by management, 
to monitor potential inventory gains or losses through the refining process and stocktake 
results, to assess the likelihood and quantum of process losses (if any) of metal between the 
date of the stocktake and the year‑end date. We assessed process loss provisions compared 
to historical metal gain revenue and refinery stocktake results. 
We tested that all unhedged metal was being held at the lower of cost and net realisable 
value, on an individual metal by metal methodology, with reference to external metal 
price data. 
We considered the adequacy of the group’s disclosures about the degree of estimation 
involved in arriving at the value of metal inventory. 
Based on the procedures performed, we noted no material issues arising from our work.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023134
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Independent auditors’ report to the members of Johnson Matthey Plc continued
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Carrying value of goodwill (group and parent)
Refer to the Significant issues considered by the Audit Committee within the Audit Committee 
Report and notes 1, 5, 13, 36 and 38 to the financial statements. 
The group holds goodwill of £364 million (2022: £366 million) at 31 March 2023. Of this amount, 
£113 million (2022: £113 million) is held within the parent company. 
The group has significant goodwill arising from the acquisition of businesses and the carrying value 
is dependent on the financial performance of the cash generating unit (CGU) to which it relates. 
The two largest CGUs are Catalyst Technologies and Clean Air Heavy Duty Catalysts which account 
for £268m (2022: £266m) and £87m (2022: £83m) respectively of goodwill at 31 March 2023. 
The goodwill held in the parent company relates to the Catalyst Technologies CGU.
The impairment assessments prepared by management reflect its best estimates of future 
cashflows. These estimates contain significant uncertainty and are inherently judgemental in 
nature, where changes in the key assumptions can result in materially different impairment charges 
or available headroom. As set out in note 1 management has considered the impacts of climate 
change in their models. This is therefore an area of focus in our audit procedures. 
In the year, an impairment charge of £4 million was recorded against goodwill in relation to 
the Diagnostic Services CGU as the fair value of the proceeds less costs to dispose was lower than 
the carrying value. Management’s assessment of the goodwill in the other CGUs concluded that 
no impairment was required. 
Management included disclosures to explain its key judgements and estimates as part of  
notes 1 and 5.
We obtained management’s value in use goodwill impairment models and agreed the 
forecast cash flows to board‑approved budgets, assessed how these budgets are compiled, 
confirmed data accuracy and understood key related judgements and estimates. 
We assessed management’s historical forecasting accuracy by comparing the prior year 
forecasts with actual results. This informed our independent sensitivity analysis. 
We performed work over each material CGU being the Catalyst Technologies and Clean Air 
Heavy Duty Catalysts CGUs. The nature and extent of work was commensurate with the level 
of headroom and sensitivity of the CGU to impairment. 
Our testing was focused on the key assumptions in the board‑approved three year forecasts 
and we corroborated the assumptions to supporting evidence which included both internal 
and external sources of evidence. In addition, we assessed the appropriateness and impact 
of the specific growth assumptions applied by management for the period after the year three 
forecast but before a long term growth rate is applied (typically year ten). 
Management has included certain key assumptions relating to climate change. These include 
restricting the useful economic life applied in modelling Heavy Duty Catalysts to 2040 
(2022: 2040), and the application of a negative growth rate from 2033 (2022: 2033). 
Working with our valuation experts we have considered external market outlooks and 
information on emission legislation to corroborate these assumptions. 
We engaged our valuations experts to assess the long term growth rate and discount rate 
for each CGU by comparison with third party information, past performance and relevant risk 
factors. Our procedures also included considering the overall level of risk in the future cash 
flow projections. 
Our procedures included testing the basis for management’s business plans and expectations 
in line with the group’s latest strategy and considering the latest industry outlooks used 
by management. 
We tested the mathematical integrity of the forecasts and of the value in use model, audited 
the allocation of central costs to the CGUs and agreed the carrying values in management’s 
impairment models to underlying accounting records. 
We assessed management’s sensitivity analysis and performed our own independent 
sensitivity analysis which were more severe than management’s to assess whether a 
reasonable downside change in the key assumptions could give rise to a material impairment. 
We consider the disclosures with respect of goodwill, including the associated sensitivities 
to be appropriate. 
Based on the procedures performed, we noted no material issues arising from our work.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 135
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Independent auditors’ report to the members of Johnson Matthey Plc continued
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Uncertain tax provisions (group and parent)
Refer to the Significant issues considered by the Audit Committee and note 1 and 36 to the financial 
statements. 
The group operates in a number of international jurisdictions, and as a result there is risk 
of uncertain tax exposures arising around the group, as well as heightened risk around estimates 
in determining the tax effect of cross border transactions including transfer pricing arrangements. 
As at 31 March 2023 the group had provisions for uncertain tax liabilities of £97 million 
(2022: £103 million). Management’s estimate of the range of possible outcomes is an increase in 
those liabilities by £66 million (2022: £83 million) to a decrease of £55 million (2022: £93 million). 
Where the precise impact of the tax laws and regulations on taxes payable with respect to profit 
arising in those jurisdictions is unclear, the group seeks to make reasonable estimates to determine 
the most likely amount in a range of possible outcomes. 
There is inherent judgement and estimation uncertainty involved in determining provisions 
for uncertain tax positions, as described by management in the accounting policies to the financial 
statements. Our audit focused on the most significant of exposures based on both the provision 
recorded and maximum possible exposure.
We engaged our tax specialists in support of our audit of tax and obtained an understanding 
of the group’s tax strategy and risks. We recalculated the group’s tax provisions and 
determined whether the treatments adopted were in line with the group’s tax policies and 
had been applied consistently. 
We evaluated the key underlying assumptions and judgements, including considering the 
status of tax authority audits and enquiries through examining the latest correspondence and 
enquiring of management, and where applicable management’s advisors. We considered the 
basis and support in particular for provisions not subject to tax audit, in comparison with our 
experience of similar situations. 
We discussed the recognition of specific uncertain tax positions with third‑party tax advisors 
appointed by management to verify the key assumptions, judgements and likely outcome 
with respect to specific uncertain tax positions recognised. We confirmed the appropriateness 
of management’s application of either a single best estimate, or a weighted average range 
of outcomes, for each exposure, as driven by the facts and circumstances under IFRIC 23. 
We evaluated the consistency of management’s approach to identifying triggering events 
to reassess or record a provision for an exposure. 
We also evaluated the consistency of management’s approach to establishing or changing 
prior provision estimates and validated that changes in provisions established in previous 
periods reflected a change in facts and circumstances. 
We consider the disclosures with respect to tax matters to be appropriate. 
Based on the procedures performed, we noted no material issues arising from our work.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023136
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Independent auditors’ report to the members of Johnson Matthey Plc continued
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Claims, uncertainties and other provisions (group and parent)
Refer to the Significant issues considered by the Audit Committee on page 98 and notes 4, 22, 32, 
36 and 47 to the financial statements. 
This risk covers warranty provisions, product liability issues, and other litigious matters across the 
group. There is inherent judgement and estimation involved in determining when and how much 
to provide for claims and uncertainties. 
Due to the complex nature of the products offered by Johnson Matthey, the group at any point 
in time may be exposed to product liability issues including claims for damages or compensation. 
The assumptions underpinning these claims and the identification of when such claims arise 
are inherently judgemental. Careful consideration needs to be given as to how the claim and any 
potential exposure are estimated and subsequently accounted for. 
The group is also involved in various legal proceedings, including actual or threatened litigation and 
regulatory investigations. The number and nature of claims vary from year to year; note 32 discloses 
the major movements in the year. The two most significant movements included the closure of the 
contingent liability relating to failures in certain engine systems for which the group supplied a 
particular coated substrate as a component for that customer’s emissions after‑treatment systems 
and the new contingent liability arising following the sale of its Health Business in May 2022. 
The group discloses such risks as contingent liabilities where it is unable to make a reliable estimate 
of potential exposures or where it believes a possible outflow is not probable. If the group is unable 
to defend against such claims, these risks could give rise to a future liability.
For litigation matters, we read the summary of major litigation matters provided by 
management and held discussions with group and sector level general counsel. For a sample 
of matters, we obtained and reviewed correspondence with external legal counsel, including 
any particulars of claim. 
We have circularised external legal counsel to independently assess legal exposures and the 
expected outcome for material cases across the group. 
We reviewed board minutes and made inquiries of management to address the risk of 
undisclosed claims and uncertainties. We performed audit procedures to identify all third 
party legal counsel used by management and as appropriate included them in our 
circularisation. 
We applied professional scepticism in auditing both the likely outcome and quantification 
of exposures, including performing audit procedures over claims management determined 
to be immaterial, and being sceptical of where a constructive obligation existed but 
management considered a reliable estimate could not be made. As we deem it to be 
necessary we also instruct third party legal experts to support an independent assessment 
of possible outcomes of claims. 
Where material settlements have occurred we have agreed these to settlement agreements 
between the company and the claimant. 
We have assessed the level of provisioning and contingent liability disclosures, where relevant, 
in response to known claims. 
Based on the procedures performed, we noted no material issues arising from our work.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 137
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Independent auditors’ report to the members of Johnson Matthey Plc continued
How we tailored the audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able 
to give an opinion on the financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure 
of the group and the company, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in 
which they operate.
The group is structured across five sectors: Clean Air, PGM Services, Catalyst Technologies, 
Hydrogen Technologies and Value Businesses, as well as the central Corporate unit.
The financial statements are a consolidation of approximately 230 business units. We have 
identified each individual business unit, or a series of business units where they map to 
a single legal statutory entity, as a component. These components comprise the group’s 
operating businesses and holding companies across the five sectors and corporate.
Based on our risk and materiality assessments, we determined which components required 
an audit of their complete financial information having considered the relative significance 
of each entity to the group, locations with significant inherent risks and the overall coverage 
obtained over each material line item in the consolidated financial statements.
We identified 23 business units which, in our view, required an audit of their complete 
financial information, due to size or risk characteristics.
In addition to the business units in full scope, we performed specified procedures or audit 
of specified financial statement line items at 9 business units covering revenue, trade and 
other receivables and deferred income, cash, inventory, metal inventory, accruals, fixed assets 
and depreciation, cost of sales and operating expenses and tested manual journal entries. 
This ensured that appropriate audit procedures were performed to achieve sufficient coverage 
over these financial statement line items.
The total 32 in‑scope business units are located in numerous countries around the world. 
We used local teams in these countries to perform the relevant audit procedures. Of these, 
three business units have been determined to be financially significant based on their 
contribution to the group. These financially significant component teams are located 
in the UK and Macedonia.
The group consolidation, financial statement disclosures and corporate functions were 
audited by the group audit team. This included our work over the consolidation, litigation 
provisions, centrally recognised tax balances, goodwill, post‑retirement benefits, earnings 
per share and treasury related balances. This scope of work, together with additional 
procedures performed at the group level, accounted for 83% of group revenue and 71% 
of group underlying profit before taxation from continuing operations. This provided the 
evidence we needed for our opinion on the consolidated financial statements taken as a 
whole. This was before considering the contribution to our audit evidence from performing 
audit work at the group level, including disaggregated analytical review procedures, which 
covers certain of the group’s smaller and lower risk components that were not directly 
included in our group audit scope.
The impact of climate risk on our audit
Climate change is expected to present both risks and opportunities for the group. 
As explained in the Sustainability section of the Strategic Report , the group is mindful 
of its impact on the environment and is focussed on ways to reduce climate‑related impacts 
as management continues to develop its plans towards a Net Zero pathway by 2040. 
Management’s climate change initiatives and commitments will impact the group in a variety 
of ways, and while the group has started to quantify some of the impacts that may arise 
on its net zero pathway, the future financial impacts are clearly uncertain given the medium 
to long term horizon. Disclosure of the impact of climate change risk based on management’s 
current assessment is incorporated in the Task Force on climate related financial disclosures 
(‘TCFD’) section of the Annual Report.
As part of our audit, we made enquiries of management to understand the extent of the 
potential impact of climate change on the group’s business and the financial statements, 
including reviewing management’s climate change risk assessment which was prepared with 
support from an external expert. We used our knowledge of the group to evaluate the risk 
assessment performed by management.
We assessed that the key areas in the financial statements which are more likely to be 
materially impacted by climate change are those areas that are based on future cash flows. 
As a result, we particularly considered how climate change risks and the impact of climate 
commitments made by the group would impact the assumptions made in the forecasts 
prepared by management that are used in the group’s impairment analysis (see also key audit 
matter on Carrying value of goodwill) and for going concern purposes. We challenged how 
management had considered longer term physical risks such as severe weather related 
impacts, and shorter‑term transitional risks such as the introduction of carbon taxes. 
Our procedures did not identify any material impact on our audit for the year ended 31 March 
2023. We also checked the consistency of the disclosures in the TCFD section of the Annual 
Report with the relevant financial statement disclosures, including notes 1 and the going 
concern section of the accounting policies, and with our understanding of the business and 
knowledge obtained in the audit.
We confirmed with management and the Audit Committee that the estimated financial 
impacts of climate change will be reassessed prospectively and our expectation is that climate 
change disclosures will evolve as the understanding of the actual and potential impacts 
on the group’s future operations are established with greater certainty.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023138
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Independent auditors’ report to the members of Johnson Matthey Plc continued
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. We set certain quantitative thresholds for materiality. These, together with qualitative considerations, helped 
us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures on the individual financial statement line items and disclosures and in evaluating the effect 
of misstatements, both individually and in aggregate on the financial statements as a whole.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality for the financial statements as a whole as follows:
Financial statements – group Financial statements – company
Overall materiality £21.1 million (2022: £21.8 million). £60 million (2022: £60 million).
How we determined it Approximately 5% of the three year average profit before tax from continuing 
operations, adjusted for loss on disposal of businesses, gains and losses on 
significant legal proceedings, major impairment and restructuring charges
1% of total assets. However the materiality is capped at £20 million 
(2021: £20 million) for the purpose of the audit of the consolidated financial 
statements, this being the maximum allocation of group materiality to 
a component
Rationale for benchmark 
applied
Adjusted (underlying) profit before tax from continuing operations is used 
as the materiality benchmark excluding amortisation of acquired intangibles 
and share of losses from associates. Management uses this measure as it 
believes that it reflects the underlying performance of the group and this 
is how the directors and key management personnel are measured on their 
performance. We did not adjust profit before tax to add back amortisation 
of acquired intangibles or share of losses of associates as in our view these 
are recurring items.
We considered total assets to be an appropriate benchmark for the parent 
company given that, whilst it does include trading businesses, it is the ultimate 
holding company, incurs corporate costs and enters into financing on behalf 
of the group. The materiality level was capped at £20 million given overall 
group materiality for the purposes of the audit of the consolidated financial 
statements, this being the maximum allocation of group materiality 
to a component.
For each component in the scope of our group audit, we allocated a materiality that is less than our overall group materiality. The range of materiality allocated across components was between 
£1 million and £20 million. Certain components were audited to a local statutory audit materiality that was also less than our overall group materiality.
We use performance materiality to reduce to an appropriately low level the probability that the aggregate of uncorrected and undetected misstatements exceeds overall materiality. Specifically, 
we use performance materiality in determining the scope of our audit and the nature and extent of our testing of account balances, classes of transactions and disclosures, for example in 
determining sample sizes. Our performance materiality was 75% (2022: 75%) of overall materiality, amounting to £15.8 million (2022: £16.3 million) for the group financial statements 
and £15 million (2022: £15 million) for the company financial statements.
In determining the performance materiality, we considered a number of factors – the history of misstatements, risk assessment and aggregation risk and the effectiveness of controls – and concluded 
that an amount at the upper end of our normal range was appropriate.
We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them misstatements identified during our audit above £1 million (group audit) (2022: £1 million) and £1 million (company audit) 
(2022: £1 million) as well as misstatements below those amounts that, in our view, warranted reporting for qualitative reasons.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 139
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Independent auditors’ report to the members of Johnson Matthey Plc continued
Conclusion relating to going concern
Our evaluation of the directors’ assessment of the group’s and the company’s ability 
to continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting included:
• Evaluation of management’s base case and downside case scenarios, understanding 
and evaluating the key assumptions, including assumptions related to inflation and other 
macro-economic factors;
• Validation that the cash flow forecasts used to support management’s impairment, going 
concern and viability assessments were consistent;
• Assessment of the historical accuracy and reasonableness of management’s forecasting;
• Consideration of the group’s available financing and debt maturity profile;
• Testing of the mathematical integrity of management’s liquidity headroom, covenant 
compliance, sensitivity and stress testing calculations;
• Assessment of the reasonableness of management’s planned or potential mitigating 
actions; and
• Review of the related disclosures in the Annual Report.
Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties 
relating to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt 
on the group’s and the company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at 
least twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue.
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going 
concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.
However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this conclusion is 
not a guarantee as to the group’s and the company’s ability to continue as a going concern.
In relation to the directors’ reporting on how they have applied the UK Corporate Governance 
Code, we have nothing material to add or draw attention to in relation to the directors’ 
statement in the financial statements about whether the directors considered it appropriate 
to adopt the going concern basis of accounting.
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern 
are described in the relevant sections of this report.
Reporting on other information
The other information comprises all of the information in the Annual Report other than the 
financial statements and our auditors’ report thereon. The directors are responsible for the 
other information, which includes reporting based on the Task Force on Climate‑related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations. Our opinion on the financial statements does 
not cover the other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or, 
except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this report, any form of assurance thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read 
the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially 
inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, 
or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify an apparent material 
inconsistency or material misstatement, we are required to perform procedures to conclude 
whether there is a material misstatement of the financial statements or a material 
misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude 
that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report 
that fact. We have nothing to report based on these responsibilities.
With respect to the Strategic report and Directors’ Report, we also considered whether 
the disclosures required by the UK Companies Act 2006 have been included.
Based on our work undertaken in the course of the audit, the Companies Act 2006 requires 
us also to report certain opinions and matters as described below.
Strategic report and Directors’ Report
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit, the information 
given in the Strategic report and Directors’ Report for the year ended 31 March 2023 
is consistent with the financial statements and has been prepared in accordance with 
applicable legal requirements.
In light of the knowledge and understanding of the group and company and their 
environment obtained in the course of the audit, we did not identify any material 
misstatements in the Strategic report and Directors’ Report.
Directors’ Remuneration
In our opinion, the part of the Annual Report on Remuneration to be audited has been 
properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023140
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Independent auditors’ report to the members of Johnson Matthey Plc continued
Corporate governance statement
The Listing Rules require us to review the directors’ statements in relation to going concern, 
longer‑term viability and that part of the corporate governance statement relating to the 
company’s compliance with the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code specified 
for our review. Our additional responsibilities with respect to the corporate governance 
statement as other information are described in the Reporting on other information section 
of this report.
Based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have concluded that each of the 
following elements of the corporate governance statement is materially consistent with 
the financial statements and our knowledge obtained during the audit, and we have nothing 
material to add or draw attention to in relation to:
• The directors’ confirmation that they have carried out a robust assessment of the emerging 
and principal risks;
• The disclosures in the Annual Report that describe those principal risks, what procedures 
are in place to identify emerging risks and an explanation of how these are being managed 
or mitigated;
• The directors’ statement in the financial statements about whether they considered it 
appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing them, and their 
identification of any material uncertainties to the group’s and company’s ability to continue 
to do so over a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of the financial 
statements;
• The directors’ explanation as to their assessment of the group’s and company’s prospects, 
the period this assessment covers and why the period is appropriate; and
• The directors’ statement as to whether they have a reasonable expectation that the 
company will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over 
the period of its assessment, including any related disclosures drawing attention to any 
necessary qualifications or assumptions.
Our review of the directors’ statement regarding the longer‑term viability of the group and 
company was substantially less in scope than an audit and only consisted of making inquiries 
and considering the directors’ process supporting their statement; checking that the 
statement is in alignment with the relevant provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code; 
and considering whether the statement is consistent with the financial statements and our 
knowledge and understanding of the group and company and their environment obtained 
in the course of the audit.
In addition, based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have concluded that 
each of the following elements of the corporate governance statement is materially 
consistent with the financial statements and our knowledge obtained during the audit:
• The directors’ statement that they consider the Annual Report, taken as a whole, is fair, 
balanced and understandable, and provides the information necessary for the members 
to assess the group’s and company’s position, performance, business model and strategy;
• The section of the Annual Report that describes the review of effectiveness of risk 
management and internal control systems; and
• The section of the Annual Report describing the work of the Audit Committee.
We have nothing to report in respect of our responsibility to report when the directors’ 
statement relating to the company’s compliance with the Code does not properly disclose 
a departure from a relevant provision of the Code specified under the Listing Rules for review 
by the auditors.
Responsibilities for the financial statements and 
the audit
Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements
As explained more fully in the Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Annual 
Report and Accounts, the directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial 
statements in accordance with the applicable framework and for being satisfied that they 
give a true and fair view. The directors are also responsible for such internal control as they 
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the group’s 
and the company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters 
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors 
either intend to liquidate the group or the company or to cease operations, or have no 
realistic alternative but to do so.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 141
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Independent auditors’ report to the members of Johnson Matthey Plc continued
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements 
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue 
an auditors’ report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of 
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will 
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud 
or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably 
be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
financial statements.
Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non‑compliance with laws and regulations. 
We design procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material 
misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our procedures 
are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud, is detailed below.
Based on our understanding of the group and industry, we identified that the principal risks 
of non‑compliance with laws and regulations related to international tax regulations, 
environmental regulations, health and safety regulations (EHS), and anti bribery and 
corruption laws, and we considered the extent to which non‑compliance might have a 
material effect on the financial statements. We also considered those laws and regulations 
that have a direct impact on the financial statements such as the Companies Act 2006. 
We evaluated management’s incentives and opportunities for fraudulent manipulation of 
the financial statements (including the risk of override of controls), and determined that the 
principal risks were related to posting inappropriate journal entries, management bias in 
accounting estimates, expected credit losses, timing of recognition of litigation provisions 
and metal gains and losses. The group engagement team shared this risk assessment with the 
component auditors so that they could include appropriate audit procedures in response to 
such risks in their work. Audit procedures performed by the group engagement team and/or 
component auditors included:
• Discussions with management, internal audit and the group’s legal advisors, and the head 
of ethics and compliance including consideration of known or suspected instances of 
non‑compliance with laws and regulations and fraud;
• Reading the minutes of board meetings and the Ethics Committee, and assessment of 
“SpeakUp” matters through the ethics reporting line and the results of management’s 
investigation into these matters (including engaging with our own forensics specialists 
where relevant);
• Reviewing financial statement disclosures to supporting documentation to assess 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
• Challenging management’s significant judgements and estimates in particular those 
relating to the carrying value of goodwill, other intangibles and other assets, post‑
employment benefits, tax provisions, deferred tax assets, refining processes and stocktakes, 
climate change, metal accounting and provisions and contingent liabilities;
• Identifying and testing manual journal entries, in particular any journal entries posted 
with unusual account combinations, and all material consolidation journals;
• Incorporating unpredictable procedures into our audit approach including varying 
the timing and nature of testing performed; and
• Considering the outcome of key transactions in the year and the assessing the 
appropriateness of related accounting and disclosure within the financial statements.
There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above. We are less likely 
to become aware of instances of non‑compliance with laws and regulations that are not 
closely related to events and transactions reflected in the financial statements. Also, the risk 
of not detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve deliberate concealment by, for example, 
forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or through collusion.
Our audit testing might include testing complete populations of certain transactions and 
balances, possibly using data auditing techniques. However, it typically involves selecting 
a limited number of items for testing, rather than testing complete populations. We will often 
seek to target particular items for testing based on their size or risk characteristics. In other 
cases, we will use audit sampling to enable us to draw a conclusion about the population 
from which the sample is selected.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located 
on the FRC’s website at: www.frc. org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part 
of our auditors’ report.
Use of this report
This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only for the company’s 
members as a body in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006 
and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving these opinions, accept or assume responsibility 
for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose 
hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior consent in writing.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023142
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Independent auditors’ report to the members of Johnson Matthey Plc continued
Other required reporting
Companies Act 2006 exception reporting
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
• we have not obtained all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or
• adequate accounting records have not been kept by the company, or returns adequate 
for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or
• certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
• the company financial statements and the part of the Annual Report on Remuneration 
to be audited are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns.
We have no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility.
Appointment
Following the recommendation of the Audit Committee, we were appointed by the members 
on 18 July 2018 to audit the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2019 and 
subsequent financial periods. The period of total uninterrupted engagement is five years, 
covering the years ended 31 March 2019 to 31 March 2023.
Other matter
In due course, as required by the Financial Conduct Authority Disclosure Guidance and 
Transparency Rule 4.1.14R, these financial statements will form part of the ESEF‑prepared 
annual financial report filed on the National Storage Mechanism of the Financial Conduct 
Authority in accordance with the ESEF Regulatory Technical Standard (‘ESEF RTS’). 
This auditors’ report provides no assurance over whether the annual financial report will 
be prepared using the single electronic format specified in the ESEF RTS.
Graham Parsons (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
London
25 May 2023
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 143
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSOTHER INFORMATION
Independent auditors’ report to the members of Johnson Matthey Plc continued
  
Consolidated Income Statement 
for the year ended 31st March 2023 
144 
 Notes 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
Revenue 2,3 14,933 16,025 
Cost of sales (13,939) (14,971) 
Gross profit 994 1,054 
Distribution costs (117) (101) 
Administrative expenses (412) (400) 
Profit on disposal of businesses 27 12 106 
Amortisation of acquired intangibles 4 (5) (6) 
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings 4 (25) 42 
Major impairment and restructuring charges 4,6 (41) (440) 
Operating profit 2,4 406 255 
Finance costs 8 (110) (101) 
Investment income 8 49 41 
Share of losses of associates 15 (1) – 
Profit before tax from continuing operations 344 195 
Tax expense 9 (80) (79) 
Profit for the year from continuing operations 264 116 
Profit / (loss) after tax from discontinued operations 26 12 (217) 
Profit / (loss) for the year 276 (101) 
  
  Pence pence 
Earnings / (loss) per ordinary share   
Basic 10 150.9 (52.6) 
Diluted 10 150.2 (52.6) 
Earnings per ordinary share from continuing operations  
Basic 10 144.2 60.9 
Diluted 10 143.6 60.8 
 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023144
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
  
Consolidated Income Statement 
for the year ended 31st March 2023 
144 
 Notes 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
Revenue 2,3 14,933 16,025 
Cost of sales (13,939) (14,971) 
Gross profit 994 1,054 
Distribution costs (117) (101) 
Administrative expenses (412) (400) 
Profit on disposal of businesses 27 12 106 
Amortisation of acquired intangibles 4 (5) (6) 
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings 4 (25) 42 
Major impairment and restructuring charges 4,6 (41) (440) 
Operating profit 2,4 406 255 
Finance costs 8 (110) (101) 
Investment income 8 49 41 
Share of losses of associates 15 (1) – 
Profit before tax from continuing operations 344 195 
Tax expense 9 (80) (79) 
Profit for the year from continuing operations 264 116 
Profit / (loss) after tax from discontinued operations 26 12 (217) 
Profit / (loss) for the year 276 (101) 
  
  Pence pence 
Earnings / (loss) per ordinary share   
Basic 10 150.9 (52.6) 
Diluted 10 150.2 (52.6) 
Earnings per ordinary share from continuing operations  
Basic 10 144.2 60.9 
Diluted 10 143.6 60.8 
 
  
Consolidated Statement of Total Comprehensive Income 
for the year ended 31st March 2023 
145 
 Notes 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
Profit / (loss) for the year 276 (101) 
Other comprehensive (expense) / income  
Items that will not be reclassified to the income statement in subsequent years  
Remeasurements of post-employment benefit assets and liabilities 24 (149) 177 
Fair value losses on equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (12) (5) 
Tax on items that will not be reclassified to the income statement1 37 (35) 
Total items that will not be reclassified to the income statement (124) 137 
Items that may be reclassified to the income statement  
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 25 33 75 
Exchange differences on translation of discontinued foreign operations 26, 27 (32) 5 
Amounts credited / (charged) to hedging reserve 114 (36) 
Fair value losses on net investment hedges (10) (2) 
Tax on above items taken directly to or transferred from equity2 (28) 10 
Total items that may be reclassified to the income statement (in subsequent years) 77 52 
Other comprehensive (expense) / income for the year (47) 189 
Total comprehensive income for the year 229 88 
Total comprehensive income for the year arises from:  
Continuing operations 249 300 
Discontinued operations 26 (20) (212) 
 229 88 
1. The tax credit / (charge) on other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to the income statement of £37 million (2022: £(35) million) relates to remeasurements of post-employment benefit assets and liabilities. 
2. The tax (charge) / credit on other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to the income statement of £(28) million (2022: £10 million) relates to tax on amounts credited / (charged) to hedging reserve.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 145
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
  
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
as at 31st March 2023 
146 
 Notes 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Assets 
Non-current assets 
Property, plant and equipment 11 1,332 1,238
Right-of-use assets 12 49 61
Goodwill 13 364 366
Other intangible assets 14 287 267
Investments in joint ventures and associates 15 75 2
Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 29 49 45
Other receivables 17 113 42
Interest rate swaps 20 12
Other financial assets 18 48 –
Deferred tax assets 23 121 98
Post-employment benefit net assets 24 203 352
Total non-current assets 2,661 2,483
Current assets 
Inventories 16 1,702 1,549
Taxation recoverable 12 18
Trade and other receivables 17 1,882 1,796
Cash and cash equivalents 650 391
Other financial assets 18 47 27
Assets classified as held for sale 26 75 402
Total current assets 4,368 4,183
Total assets 7,029 6,666
The accounts were approved by the Board of Directors on 25th May 2023 and signed on its 
behalf by: 
L Condon Directors S Oxley 
The notes on pages 150 to 221 form an integral part of the accounts.    
 
 
 Notes 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Liabilities  
Current liabilities  
Trade and other payables 19 (2,497) (2,563) 
Lease liabilities 12 (9) (10) 
Taxation liabilities (105) (97) 
Cash and cash equivalents - bank overdrafts (13) (37) 
Borrowings and related swaps 20 (155) (265) 
Other financial liabilities 18 (27) (44) 
Provisions 22 (63) (56) 
Liabilities classified as held for sale 26 (25) (80) 
Total current liabilities (2,894) (3,152) 
Non-current liabilities  
Borrowings and related swaps 20 (1,460) (899) 
Lease liabilities 12 (31) (40) 
Deferred tax liabilities 23 (19) (18) 
Interest rate swaps (15) (2) 
Employee benefit obligations 24 (41) (72) 
Other financial liabilities 18 – (12) 
Provisions 22 (28) (28) 
Trade and other payables 19 (2) (2) 
Total non-current liabilities (1,596) (1,073) 
Total liabilities (4,490) (4,225) 
Net assets 2,539 2,441 
Equity  
Share capital 25 215 218 
Share premium 148 148 
Treasury shares (19) (24) 
Other reserves 25 118 50 
Retained earnings 2,077 2,049 
Total equity 2,539 2,441 
 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023146
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
  
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
as at 31st March 2023 
146 
 Notes 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Assets 
Non-current assets 
Property, plant and equipment 11 1,332 1,238
Right-of-use assets 12 49 61
Goodwill 13 364 366
Other intangible assets 14 287 267
Investments in joint ventures and associates 15 75 2
Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 29 49 45
Other receivables 17 113 42
Interest rate swaps 20 12
Other financial assets 18 48 –
Deferred tax assets 23 121 98
Post-employment benefit net assets 24 203 352
Total non-current assets 2,661 2,483
Current assets 
Inventories 16 1,702 1,549
Taxation recoverable 12 18
Trade and other receivables 17 1,882 1,796
Cash and cash equivalents 650 391
Other financial assets 18 47 27
Assets classified as held for sale 26 75 402
Total current assets 4,368 4,183
Total assets 7,029 6,666
The accounts were approved by the Board of Directors on 25th May 2023 and signed on its 
behalf by: 
L Condon Directors S Oxley 
The notes on pages 150 to 221 form an integral part of the accounts.    
 
 
 Notes 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Liabilities  
Current liabilities  
Trade and other payables 19 (2,497) (2,563) 
Lease liabilities 12 (9) (10) 
Taxation liabilities (105) (97) 
Cash and cash equivalents - bank overdrafts (13) (37) 
Borrowings and related swaps 20 (155) (265) 
Other financial liabilities 18 (27) (44) 
Provisions 22 (63) (56) 
Liabilities classified as held for sale 26 (25) (80) 
Total current liabilities (2,894) (3,152) 
Non-current liabilities  
Borrowings and related swaps 20 (1,460) (899) 
Lease liabilities 12 (31) (40) 
Deferred tax liabilities 23 (19) (18) 
Interest rate swaps (15) (2) 
Employee benefit obligations 24 (41) (72) 
Other financial liabilities 18 – (12) 
Provisions 22 (28) (28) 
Trade and other payables 19 (2) (2) 
Total non-current liabilities (1,596) (1,073) 
Total liabilities (4,490) (4,225) 
Net assets 2,539 2,441 
Equity  
Share capital 25 215 218 
Share premium 148 148 
Treasury shares (19) (24) 
Other reserves 25 118 50 
Retained earnings 2,077 2,049 
Total equity 2,539 2,441 
 
  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
for the year ended 31st March 2023 
147 
 Notes 
2023
£m* 
2022
£m* 
Cash flows from operating activities 
Profit before tax from continuing operations 344 195
Profit / (loss) before tax from discontinued operations 5 (239)
Adjustments for: 
Share of losses of associates 1 –
Profit on disposal of businesses 27 (23) (106)
Depreciation 151 151
Amortisation 36 39
Impairment losses 27 632
(Profit) / loss on sale of non-current assets (6) 2
Share-based payments 7 8
(Increase) / decrease in inventories (139) 123
(Increase) / decrease in receivables (102) 588
Decrease in payables (4) (783)
Increase in provisions 7 25
Contributions in excess of employee benefit obligations charge (21) (2)
Changes in fair value of financial instruments 22 19
Net finance costs 61 60
Income tax paid (75) (107)
Net cash inflow from operating activities 291 605
 
Cash flows from investing activities 
Interest received 28 32
Purchases of property, plant and equipment (253) (358)
Purchases of intangible assets (63) (95)
Purchases of investments held at fair value through other 
comprehensive income (17) –
Government grant income received 7 –
Proceeds from sale of non-current assets 8 1
Proceeds from sale of investment in joint ventures 2 –
Net proceeds from sale of businesses 187 160
Net cash outflow from investing activities (101) (260)
 
 
 Notes 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m* 
Cash flows from financing activities  
Purchase of treasury shares 25 (45) (155) 
Proceeds from borrowings 672 9 
Repayment of borrowings (281) (140) 
Dividends paid to equity shareholders 25 (141) (139) 
Interest paid (94) (111) 
Principal element of lease payments (14) (14) 
Net cash inflow / (outflow) from financing activities 97 (550) 
  
Change in cash and cash equivalents 287 (205) 
Exchange differences on cash and cash equivalents 4 6 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 346 545 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 637 346 
  
Cash and deposits 129 254 
Money market funds 521 137 
Bank overdrafts (13) (37) 
Bank overdrafts transferred to liabilities classified as held for sale – (8) 
Cash and cash equivalents 637 346 
* For cash flows of discontinued operations see note 26. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 147
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  
for the year ended 31st March 2023     
148 
 
Share
capital
£m 
Share
premium
account
£m 
Treasury 
shares 
£m 
Other
reserves
(note 25)
£m 
Retained
earnings
£m 
Total 
equity 
£m 
At 1st April 2021 221 148 (29) – 2,345 2,685 
Loss for the year – – – – (101) (101) 
Remeasurements of post-employment benefit assets and liabilities – – – – 177 177 
Fair value losses on investments at fair value through other comprehensive income – – – (5) – (5) 
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations – – – 80 – 80 
Amounts charged to hedging reserve – – – (36) – (36) 
Fair value losses on net investment hedges taken to equity – – – (2) – (2) 
Tax on other comprehensive income – – – 10 (35) (25) 
Total comprehensive income – – – 47 41 88 
Dividends paid (note 25) – – – – (139) (139) 
Purchase of treasury shares (note 25) (3) – – 3 (200) (200) 
Share-based payments – – – – 15 15 
Cost of shares transferred to employees – – 5 – (13) (8) 
At 31st March 2022 218 148 (24) 50 2,049 2,441 
Profit for the year – – – – 276 276 
Remeasurements of post-employment benefit assets and liabilities – – – – (149) (149) 
Fair value losses on investments at fair value through other comprehensive income – – – (12) – (12) 
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations – – – 1 – 1 
Amounts credited to hedging reserve – – – 114 – 114 
Fair value losses on net investment hedges taken to equity – – – (10) – (10) 
Tax on other comprehensive income – – – (28) 37 9 
Total comprehensive income – – – 65 164 229 
Dividends paid (note 25) – – – – (141) (141) 
Purchase of treasury shares (note 25) (3) – – 3 (1) (1) 
Share-based payments – – – – 18 18 
Cost of shares transferred to employees – – 5 – (14) (9) 
Tax on share-based payments – – – – 2 2 
At 31st March 2023 215 148 (19) 118 2,077 2,539 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023148
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  
for the year ended 31st March 2023     
148 
 
Share
capital
£m 
Share
premium
account
£m 
Treasury 
shares 
£m 
Other
reserves
(note 25)
£m 
Retained
earnings
£m 
Total 
equity 
£m 
At 1st April 2021 221 148 (29) – 2,345 2,685 
Loss for the year – – – – (101) (101) 
Remeasurements of post-employment benefit assets and liabilities – – – – 177 177 
Fair value losses on investments at fair value through other comprehensive income – – – (5) – (5) 
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations – – – 80 – 80 
Amounts charged to hedging reserve – – – (36) – (36) 
Fair value losses on net investment hedges taken to equity – – – (2) – (2) 
Tax on other comprehensive income – – – 10 (35) (25) 
Total comprehensive income – – – 47 41 88 
Dividends paid (note 25) – – – – (139) (139) 
Purchase of treasury shares (note 25) (3) – – 3 (200) (200) 
Share-based payments – – – – 15 15 
Cost of shares transferred to employees – – 5 – (13) (8) 
At 31st March 2022 218 148 (24) 50 2,049 2,441 
Profit for the year – – – – 276 276 
Remeasurements of post-employment benefit assets and liabilities – – – – (149) (149) 
Fair value losses on investments at fair value through other comprehensive income – – – (12) – (12) 
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations – – – 1 – 1 
Amounts credited to hedging reserve – – – 114 – 114 
Fair value losses on net investment hedges taken to equity – – – (10) – (10) 
Tax on other comprehensive income – – – (28) 37 9 
Total comprehensive income – – – 65 164 229 
Dividends paid (note 25) – – – – (141) (141) 
Purchase of treasury shares (note 25) (3) – – 3 (1) (1) 
Share-based payments – – – – 18 18 
Cost of shares transferred to employees – – 5 – (14) (9) 
Tax on share-based payments – – – – 2 2 
At 31st March 2023 215 148 (19) 118 2,077 2,539 
  
Guide to financial statement disclosures 
for the year ended 31st March 2023 
149 
Notes and appendices Page  Notes and appendices Page 
Operations - information relating to our operating performance 
2 Segmental information 158  6 Major impairment and restructuring charges 172 
3 Revenue 163  10 Earnings / (loss) per ordinary share 174 
4 Operating profit 168  34 Non-GAAP measures 207 
5 Impairment losses 170     
Financing - information relating to how we finance our business 
8 Investment income and financing costs 173  25 Share capital and other reserves 192 
18 Other financial assets and liabilities 179  28 Financial risk management 197 
20 Borrowings and related swaps 180  29 Fair values 202 
21 Movements in assets and liabilities from financing activities 181     
Working capital - information relating to the day-to-day working capital of our business 
16 Inventories 179  19 Trade and other payables 179 
17 Trade and other receivables 179  22 Provisions 182 
Tax - information relating to our current and deferred taxation 
9 Tax expense 174  23 Deferred tax 182 
Employees - information relating to the costs associated with employing our people 
7 Employee information 173  30 Share-based payments 204 
24 Post-employment benefits 183     
Long-term assets - information relating to our long-term operational and investment assets 
11 Property, plant and equipment 175  14 Other intangible assets 177 
12 Leases 176  15 Investments in joint ventures and associates 178 
13 Goodwill 176  24 Post-employment benefits 183 
Other - other useful information 
1 Accounting policies 150  31 Commitments 205 
26 Discontinued operations and assets and liabilities classified as 
held for sale 
195  32 Contingent liabilities 206 
 33 Transactions with related parties 206 
27 Disposals 196  34 Non-GAAP measures 207 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 149
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
  
Notes on the Accounts 
for the year ended 31st March 2023 
150 
1 Accounting policies 
The Company and the Group 
Johnson Matthey plc (the ‘Company’) is a public company limited by shares incorporated 
under the Companies Act 2006 and domiciled in England in the United Kingdom. The 
consolidated accounts of the company for the year ended 31st March 2023 consist of the 
audited consolidation of the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred 
to as the ‘Group’), together with the employee share ownership trust and the group's interest 
in joint ventures and associates. 
Basis of accounting and preparation – group 
The financial statements of the group have been prepared in accordance with UK-adopted 
International Accounting Standards and with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 as 
applicable to companies reporting under those standards. 
The accounts are prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain assets and liabilities 
which are measured at fair value as explained below. 
The group accounts comprise the accounts of the parent company and its subsidiaries, 
including the employee share ownership trust, and include the group's interest in joint 
ventures and associates. Entities the group controls are accounted for as subsidiaries. Entities 
that are joint ventures or associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 
Transactions and balances between group companies are eliminated. No profit is recognised 
on transactions between group companies. 
The results of businesses acquired or disposed of in the year are consolidated from or up to the 
effective date of acquisition or disposal, respectively. The net assets of businesses acquired are 
recognised in the consolidated accounts at their fair values at the date of acquisition. 
Going concern 
The directors have reviewed a range of scenario forecasts for the group and have reasonable 
expectation that there are no material uncertainties that cast doubt about the group’s ability to 
continue operating for at least twelve months from the date of approving these annual accounts. 
As at 31st March 2023, the group maintains a strong balance sheet with around £1.6 billion 
of available cash and undrawn committed facilities. Free cash flow was positive in the year 
at £74 million. Net debt at 31st March 2023 was £1,023 million at 1.6 times net debt 
(including post tax pension deficits) to underlying EBITDA which was at the lower end of 
our target range. 
Although impacted by the significant headwinds faced in the current macroeconomic 
environment such as high inflation, the impacts of Russia’s war with Ukraine and uncertainty 
in outlook for major economies, the group’s performance during the period was resilient, both 
in terms of underlying operating profit and cash flow. For the purposes of assessing going 
concern, we have revisited our financial projections using the latest forecasts for our base case 
scenario. The base case scenario was stress tested to a severe-but-plausible downside case 
which reflects severe recession scenarios. 
The severe-but-plausible case for Clean Air modelled scenarios assuming a smaller light duty 
vehicle market from reduced vehicle production and/or market consumer demand disruption 
or greater share of zero emission vehicles in market, assumed to result in a 10% drop in sales. 
For PGMS and Catalyst Technologies, it also assumed a reduction in sales and associated 
operating profit based on adverse scenarios using external and internal market insights. 
Additionally, as part of viability testing, the group considered scenarios including the impact 
from metal price volatility, higher inflation, delays in capital projects and delivery of cost 
transformation savings, and slow down of operations in China. Whilst the combined impact 
would reduce profitability and EBITDA against our latest forecast, our balance sheet remains 
strong with ample working capital and Net Debt/EBITDA ratios. 
The group has a robust funding position comprising a range of long-term debt and a £1 billion 
five year committed revolving credit facility maturing in March 2027 which was entirely 
undrawn at 31st March 2023. There was £521 million of cash held in money market funds 
and £129 million of other cash and bank deposits. Of the existing loans, £151 million of term 
debt and £4 million of other bank loans mature in the period to June 2024. We assume no 
refinancing of this debt in our going concern modelling. As a long time, highly rated issuer in 
the US private placement market and having recently extended its UK Export Financing 
facility, the group expects to be able to access additional funding in its existing markets if 
required but the going concern conclusion is not dependant on such access as the company 
has sufficient financing and liquidity to fund its obligations in the base and severe-but-
plausible scenarios. The group also has a number of additional sources of funding available 
including uncommitted metal lease facilities that support precious metal funding. Whilst we 
would fully expect to be able to utilise the metal lease facilities, they are excluded from our 
going concern modelling. 
Conclusion 
Under all scenarios above, the group has sufficient headroom against committed facilities and 
key financial covenants are not in breach during the going concern period. To give further 
assurance on liquidity, we have also undertaken a reverse stress test to identify what 
additional or alternative scenarios and circumstances would threaten our current financing 
arrangements. This shows that we have headroom against a further decline in profitability 
beyond the severe-but-plausible scenario or a significant increase in borrowings. Furthermore, 
the group has a range of levers which it could utilise to protect headroom including reducing 
capital expenditure, renegotiating payment terms and reducing future dividend distributions. 
The directors are therefore of the opinion that the group has adequate resources to fund its 
operations for the period of at least twelve months following the date of this announcement 
these financial statements and there are no material uncertainties relating to going concern so 
determine that it is appropriate to prepare the accounts on a going concern basis. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023150
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
  
Notes on the Accounts 
for the year ended 31st March 2023 
150 
1 Accounting policies 
The Company and the Group 
Johnson Matthey plc (the ‘Company’) is a public company limited by shares incorporated 
under the Companies Act 2006 and domiciled in England in the United Kingdom. The 
consolidated accounts of the company for the year ended 31st March 2023 consist of the 
audited consolidation of the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred 
to as the ‘Group’), together with the employee share ownership trust and the group's interest 
in joint ventures and associates. 
Basis of accounting and preparation – group 
The financial statements of the group have been prepared in accordance with UK-adopted 
International Accounting Standards and with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 as 
applicable to companies reporting under those standards. 
The accounts are prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain assets and liabilities 
which are measured at fair value as explained below. 
The group accounts comprise the accounts of the parent company and its subsidiaries, 
including the employee share ownership trust, and include the group's interest in joint 
ventures and associates. Entities the group controls are accounted for as subsidiaries. Entities 
that are joint ventures or associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 
Transactions and balances between group companies are eliminated. No profit is recognised 
on transactions between group companies. 
The results of businesses acquired or disposed of in the year are consolidated from or up to the 
effective date of acquisition or disposal, respectively. The net assets of businesses acquired are 
recognised in the consolidated accounts at their fair values at the date of acquisition. 
Going concern 
The directors have reviewed a range of scenario forecasts for the group and have reasonable 
expectation that there are no material uncertainties that cast doubt about the group’s ability to 
continue operating for at least twelve months from the date of approving these annual accounts. 
As at 31st March 2023, the group maintains a strong balance sheet with around £1.6 billion 
of available cash and undrawn committed facilities. Free cash flow was positive in the year 
at £74 million. Net debt at 31st March 2023 was £1,023 million at 1.6 times net debt 
(including post tax pension deficits) to underlying EBITDA which was at the lower end of 
our target range. 
Although impacted by the significant headwinds faced in the current macroeconomic 
environment such as high inflation, the impacts of Russia’s war with Ukraine and uncertainty 
in outlook for major economies, the group’s performance during the period was resilient, both 
in terms of underlying operating profit and cash flow. For the purposes of assessing going 
concern, we have revisited our financial projections using the latest forecasts for our base case 
scenario. The base case scenario was stress tested to a severe-but-plausible downside case 
which reflects severe recession scenarios. 
The severe-but-plausible case for Clean Air modelled scenarios assuming a smaller light duty 
vehicle market from reduced vehicle production and/or market consumer demand disruption 
or greater share of zero emission vehicles in market, assumed to result in a 10% drop in sales. 
For PGMS and Catalyst Technologies, it also assumed a reduction in sales and associated 
operating profit based on adverse scenarios using external and internal market insights. 
Additionally, as part of viability testing, the group considered scenarios including the impact 
from metal price volatility, higher inflation, delays in capital projects and delivery of cost 
transformation savings, and slow down of operations in China. Whilst the combined impact 
would reduce profitability and EBITDA against our latest forecast, our balance sheet remains 
strong with ample working capital and Net Debt/EBITDA ratios. 
The group has a robust funding position comprising a range of long-term debt and a £1 billion 
five year committed revolving credit facility maturing in March 2027 which was entirely 
undrawn at 31st March 2023. There was £521 million of cash held in money market funds 
and £129 million of other cash and bank deposits. Of the existing loans, £151 million of term 
debt and £4 million of other bank loans mature in the period to June 2024. We assume no 
refinancing of this debt in our going concern modelling. As a long time, highly rated issuer in 
the US private placement market and having recently extended its UK Export Financing 
facility, the group expects to be able to access additional funding in its existing markets if 
required but the going concern conclusion is not dependant on such access as the company 
has sufficient financing and liquidity to fund its obligations in the base and severe-but-
plausible scenarios. The group also has a number of additional sources of funding available 
including uncommitted metal lease facilities that support precious metal funding. Whilst we 
would fully expect to be able to utilise the metal lease facilities, they are excluded from our 
going concern modelling. 
Conclusion 
Under all scenarios above, the group has sufficient headroom against committed facilities and 
key financial covenants are not in breach during the going concern period. To give further 
assurance on liquidity, we have also undertaken a reverse stress test to identify what 
additional or alternative scenarios and circumstances would threaten our current financing 
arrangements. This shows that we have headroom against a further decline in profitability 
beyond the severe-but-plausible scenario or a significant increase in borrowings. Furthermore, 
the group has a range of levers which it could utilise to protect headroom including reducing 
capital expenditure, renegotiating payment terms and reducing future dividend distributions. 
The directors are therefore of the opinion that the group has adequate resources to fund its 
operations for the period of at least twelve months following the date of this announcement 
these financial statements and there are no material uncertainties relating to going concern so 
determine that it is appropriate to prepare the accounts on a going concern basis. 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
151 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Significant accounting policies 
The group’s and parent company’s accounting policies have been applied consistently during 
the current and prior year, other than where new policies have been adopted (see below). The 
group’s and parent company’s significant accounting policies are as follows: 
Foreign currencies 
Foreign currency transactions are recorded in the functional currency of the relevant 
subsidiary, joint venture, associate or branch at the exchange rate at the date of the 
transaction. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are retranslated into the relevant 
functional currency at the exchange rate at the balance sheet date. 
Income statements and cash flows of overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates and 
branches are translated into sterling at the average rates for the year. Balance sheets of 
overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates and branches, including any fair value 
adjustments and related goodwill, are translated into sterling at the exchange rates at the 
balance sheet date. 
Exchange differences arising on the translation of the net investment in overseas subsidiaries, 
joint ventures, associates and branches, less exchange differences arising on related foreign 
currency financial instruments which hedge the group’s net investment in these operations, 
are taken to other comprehensive income. On disposal of the net investment, the cumulative 
exchange difference is reclassified from equity to operating profit.  
Other exchange differences are recognised in operating profit. 
Revenue 
Revenue represents income derived from contracts for the provision of goods and services by 
the parent company and its subsidiaries to customers in exchange for consideration in the 
ordinary course of the group’s activities. 
Performance obligations  
Upon approval by the parties to a contract, the contract is assessed to identify each promise to 
transfer either a distinct good or service or a series of distinct goods or services that are 
substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer. Goods and 
services are distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations in the contract if 
the customer can benefit from them either on their own or together with other resources that 
are readily available to the customer and they are separately identifiable in the contract. 
The group typically sells licences to its intellectual property together with other goods and 
services and, since these licences are not generally distinct in the context of the contract, 
revenue recognition is considered at the level of the performance obligation of which the 
licence forms part. Revenue in respect of performance obligations containing bundles of 
goods and services in which a licence with a sales or usage-based royalty is the predominant 
item is recognised when sales or usage occur. 
Transaction price 
At the start of the contract, the total transaction price is estimated as the amount of 
consideration to which the group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the 
promised goods and services to the customer, excluding sales taxes. Variable consideration, 
such as trade discounts, is included based on the expected value or most likely amount only to 
the extent that it is highly probable that there will not be a reversal in the amount of 
cumulative revenue recognised. The transaction price does not include estimates of 
consideration resulting from contract modifications until they have been approved by the 
parties to the contract. The total transaction price is allocated to the performance obligations 
identified in the contract in proportion to their relative stand-alone selling prices. Many of the 
group's and parent company’s products and services are bespoke in nature and, therefore, 
stand-alone selling prices are estimated based on cost plus margin or by reference to market 
data for similar products and services. 
Revenue recognition 
Revenue is recognised as performance obligations are satisfied as control of the goods and 
services is transferred to the customer. 
For each performance obligation within a contract, the group and parent company determine 
whether it is satisfied over time or at a point in time. Performance obligations are satisfied 
over time if one of the following criteria is satisfied: 
• the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the group’s 
and parent company’s performance as they perform; 
• the group’s and parent company’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the 
customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced; or 
• the group’s and parent company’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative 
use to the group and parent company and they have an enforceable right to payment for 
performance completed to date. 
For more detail of our revenue recognition policy see note 3. 
In the event that the group and parent company enter into bill-and-hold transactions at the 
specific request of customers, revenue is recognised when the goods are ready for transfer to 
the customer and when the group and parent company are no longer capable of directing 
those goods to another use.  
Revenue includes sales of precious metal to customers and the precious metal content of 
products sold to customers. 
Linked contracts under which the group and parent company sell or buy precious metal and 
commit to repurchase or sell the metal in the future are accounted for as finance transactions 
and no revenue is recognised in respect of the sale leg. 
No revenue is recognised by the group or parent company in respect of non-monetary 
exchanges of precious metal on the basis that the counterparties are in the same line 
of business. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 151
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
152 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Significant accounting policies continued 
Consideration payable to customers 
Consideration payable to customers in advance of the recognition of revenue in respect of the 
goods and services to which it relates is capitalised and recognised as a deduction to the 
revenue recognised upon transfer of the goods and services to the customer.  
Costs to fulfil a contract  
Contract fulfilment costs in respect of over time contracts are expensed as incurred. Contract 
fulfilment costs in respect of point in time contracts are accounted for under IAS 2, 
Inventories. 
Contract receivables 
Contract receivables represent amounts for which the group and parent company have an 
unconditional right to consideration in respect of unbilled revenue recognised at the balance 
sheet date. 
Contract liabilities 
Contract liabilities represent the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for 
which consideration has been received, or consideration is due, from the customer. 
Finance costs and investment income 
Finance costs that are directly attributable to the construction of an asset that necessarily 
takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use are capitalised as part of the 
cost of that asset. Other finance costs and finance income are recognised in the income 
statement in the year incurred. 
Research and development 
Research expenditure is charged to the income statement in the year incurred. Development 
expenditure is charged to the income statement in the year incurred unless it meets the 
recognition criteria for capitalisation. When the recognition criteria have been met, any 
further development expenditure is capitalised as an intangible asset. 
Property, plant and equipment 
Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any 
provisions for impairment. Depreciation is provided at rates calculated to write-off the cost less 
estimated residual value of each asset over its useful life and is recognised within 
administrative expenses. Certain buildings and plant and equipment are depreciated using the 
units of production method as this more closely reflects their expected consumption. All other 
assets are depreciated using the straight-line method. The useful lives vary according to the 
class of the asset, but are typically: 
• buildings – 30 years; and 
• plant and machinery – 4 to 10 years. 
• land is not depreciated. 
The expected lives of property, plant and equipment tends to be short to medium term, as 
such the physical risk posed by climate change in the long term is low. 
Goodwill and other intangible assets 
Goodwill arises on the acquisition of a business when the fair value of the consideration 
exceeds the fair value attributed to the net assets acquired (including contingent liabilities). 
It is subject to annual impairment reviews. Acquisition-related costs are charged to the 
income statement as incurred. The group and parent company have taken advantage of 
the exemption allowed under IFRS 1 and, therefore, goodwill arising on acquisitions 
made before 1st April 2004 is included at the carrying amount at that date less any subsequent 
impairments. 
Other intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and any provisions for 
impairment. Customer contracts are amortised when the relevant income stream occurs. All 
other intangible assets are amortised by using the straight-line method over the useful lives 
from the time they are first available for use. Amortisation is recognised within administrative 
expenses. The estimated useful lives vary according to the specific asset, but are typically: 
• customer contracts and relationships – 1 to 15 years; 
• capitalised computer software – 3 to 10 years; 
• patents, trademarks and licences – 3 to 20 years; 
• acquired research and technology – 4 to 10 years; and 
• capitalised development currently being amortised – 3 to 8 years. 
Intangible assets which are not yet being amortised are subject to annual impairment reviews. 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023152
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
152 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Significant accounting policies continued 
Consideration payable to customers 
Consideration payable to customers in advance of the recognition of revenue in respect of the 
goods and services to which it relates is capitalised and recognised as a deduction to the 
revenue recognised upon transfer of the goods and services to the customer.  
Costs to fulfil a contract  
Contract fulfilment costs in respect of over time contracts are expensed as incurred. Contract 
fulfilment costs in respect of point in time contracts are accounted for under IAS 2, 
Inventories. 
Contract receivables 
Contract receivables represent amounts for which the group and parent company have an 
unconditional right to consideration in respect of unbilled revenue recognised at the balance 
sheet date. 
Contract liabilities 
Contract liabilities represent the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for 
which consideration has been received, or consideration is due, from the customer. 
Finance costs and investment income 
Finance costs that are directly attributable to the construction of an asset that necessarily 
takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use are capitalised as part of the 
cost of that asset. Other finance costs and finance income are recognised in the income 
statement in the year incurred. 
Research and development 
Research expenditure is charged to the income statement in the year incurred. Development 
expenditure is charged to the income statement in the year incurred unless it meets the 
recognition criteria for capitalisation. When the recognition criteria have been met, any 
further development expenditure is capitalised as an intangible asset. 
Property, plant and equipment 
Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any 
provisions for impairment. Depreciation is provided at rates calculated to write-off the cost less 
estimated residual value of each asset over its useful life and is recognised within 
administrative expenses. Certain buildings and plant and equipment are depreciated using the 
units of production method as this more closely reflects their expected consumption. All other 
assets are depreciated using the straight-line method. The useful lives vary according to the 
class of the asset, but are typically: 
• buildings – 30 years; and 
• plant and machinery – 4 to 10 years. 
• land is not depreciated. 
The expected lives of property, plant and equipment tends to be short to medium term, as 
such the physical risk posed by climate change in the long term is low. 
Goodwill and other intangible assets 
Goodwill arises on the acquisition of a business when the fair value of the consideration 
exceeds the fair value attributed to the net assets acquired (including contingent liabilities). 
It is subject to annual impairment reviews. Acquisition-related costs are charged to the 
income statement as incurred. The group and parent company have taken advantage of 
the exemption allowed under IFRS 1 and, therefore, goodwill arising on acquisitions 
made before 1st April 2004 is included at the carrying amount at that date less any subsequent 
impairments. 
Other intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and any provisions for 
impairment. Customer contracts are amortised when the relevant income stream occurs. All 
other intangible assets are amortised by using the straight-line method over the useful lives 
from the time they are first available for use. Amortisation is recognised within administrative 
expenses. The estimated useful lives vary according to the specific asset, but are typically: 
• customer contracts and relationships – 1 to 15 years; 
• capitalised computer software – 3 to 10 years; 
• patents, trademarks and licences – 3 to 20 years; 
• acquired research and technology – 4 to 10 years; and 
• capitalised development currently being amortised – 3 to 8 years. 
Intangible assets which are not yet being amortised are subject to annual impairment reviews. 
  
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
153 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Investments in joint ventures and associates 
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby investees are able to exercise joint control of 
the arrangement. 
Associates are entities over which the group exercises significant influence when it has the 
power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the entity but it does not 
have the power to control or jointly control the entity. 
Investments in joint ventures and associates are accounted for using the equity method of 
accounting and are initially recognised at cost. Thereafter the investments are adjusted to 
recognise the group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses after tax of the investee in 
the income statement, and the group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income 
of the investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from 
associates are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment. The 
carrying value of the investments are reviewed for impairment triggers on a regular basis.  
Where the group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its 
interest in the entity, the group does not recognise further losses unless it has incurred 
obligations to do so.  
Unrealised gains and losses on transactions between the group and its associates are 
eliminated to the extent of the group’s interest in these joint ventures and associates. 
Leases  
Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset, together with a corresponding lease liability, at 
the date at which the leased asset is available for use.  
The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial value of the 
lease liability, lease payments made (net of any incentives received from the lessor) before the 
commencement of the lease, initial direct costs and restoration costs. The right-of-use asset is 
depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term 
in operating profit.  
The lease liability is initially measured as the present value of future lease payments 
discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, where this rate is not determinable, 
the group’s incremental borrowing rate, which is the interest rate the group would have to pay 
to borrow the amount necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic 
environment with similar terms and conditions. Interest is charged to finance costs at a 
constant rate of interest on the outstanding lease liability over the lease term.  
Payments in respect of short-term leases, low-value leases and precious metal leases 
are charged to the income statement on a straight-line basis over the lease term in 
operating profit. 
The group leases precious metals to fund temporary peaks in metal requirements provided 
market conditions allow. These leases are from banks for specified periods (less than 12 
months) and the group pays a fee which is expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease 
term in finance costs. The group holds sufficient precious metal inventories to meet all the 
obligations under these lease arrangements as they fall due. 
Inventories 
Precious metal 
Inventories of gold, silver and platinum group metals are valued according to the source from 
which the metal is obtained. Metal which has been purchased and committed to future sales 
to customers is valued at the price at which it is contractually committed, adjusted for 
unexpired contango and backwardation. Other precious metal inventories owned by the 
group, which are unhedged, are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value using the 
weighted average cost formula. 
Other 
Non-precious metal inventories are valued at the lower of cost, including attributable 
overheads, and net realisable value. Except where costs are specifically identified, the first-in, 
first-out cost formula is used to value inventories. 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Cash and deposits comprise cash at bank and in hand and short-term deposits with a maturity 
date of three months or less from the date of acquisition. Money market funds comprise 
investments in funds that are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in fair value. The 
group and parent company routinely use short-term bank overdraft facilities, which are 
repayable on demand, as an integral part of their cash management policies and, therefore, 
cash and cash equivalents include cash and deposits, money market funds and bank 
overdrafts. Offset arrangements across group businesses have been applied to arrive at the net 
cash and overdraft figures. 
At 31st March 2023 cash and cash equivalents includes £15 million (31st March 2022: £111 
million) of restricted amounts relating to cash held in Russia. The prior year balance relates to 
restricted amounts in South Africa.  
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 153
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
154 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Financial instruments  
Investments and other financial assets 
The group and parent company classify their financial assets in the following measurement 
categories: 
• those measured at fair value either through other comprehensive income or through profit 
or loss; and 
• those measured at amortised cost. 
At initial recognition, the group and parent company measure financial assets at fair value 
plus, in the case of financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss, 
transaction costs that are directly attributable to their acquisition. 
The group and parent company subsequently measure equity investments at fair value and 
have elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in other 
comprehensive income. There is, therefore, no subsequent reclassification of cumulative fair 
value gains and losses to profit or loss following disposal of the investments. 
The group and parent company subsequently measure trade and other receivables and 
contract receivables at amortised cost, with the exception of trade receivables that have been 
designated as at fair value through other comprehensive income because the group has 
certain operations with business models to hold trade receivables for collection or sale. All 
other financial assets, including short-term receivables, are measured at amortised cost less 
any impairment provision. 
For the impairment of trade and contract receivables, the group and parent company apply 
the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, Financial Instruments, which requires expected 
lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition. 
Derivative financial instruments 
The group and parent company use derivative financial instruments, in particular forward 
currency contracts, currency swaps, interest rate swaps and commodity derivatives to manage 
the financial risks associated with their underlying business activities and the financing of 
those activities. The group and parent company do not undertake any speculative trading 
activity in derivative financial instruments. 
Derivative financial instruments are measured at their fair value. Derivative financial 
instruments may be designated at inception as fair value hedges, cash flow hedges or net 
investment hedges if appropriate. For currency swaps designated as instruments in cash 
flow or net investment hedging relationships, the impact from currency basis spreads is 
included in the hedge relationship and may be a source of ineffectiveness recognised in the 
income statement.  
Derivative financial instruments which are not designated as hedging instruments are 
classified as at fair value through profit or loss, but are used to manage financial risk. Changes 
in the fair value of any derivative financial instruments that are not designated as, or are not 
determined to be, effective hedges are recognised immediately in the income statement. The 
vast majority of forward precious metal price contracts are entered into and held for the 
receipt or delivery of precious metal and, therefore, are not recorded at fair value. 
Cash flow hedges 
Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments designated as cash flow hedges 
are recognised in other comprehensive income to the extent that the hedges are effective. 
Ineffective portions are recognised in the income statement immediately. If the hedged item 
results in the recognition of a non-financial asset or liability, the amount previously recognised 
in other comprehensive income is transferred out of equity and included in the initial carrying 
amount of the asset or liability. Otherwise, the amount previously recognised in other 
comprehensive income is transferred to the income statement in the same period that the 
hedged item is recognised in the income statement. If the hedging instrument expires or is 
sold, terminated or exercised or the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, 
amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income remain in equity until the 
forecast transaction occurs. If a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the 
amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are transferred to the income 
statement. If a forward precious metal price contract will be settled net in cash, it is designated 
and accounted for as a cash flow hedge. 
Fair value hedges 
Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments designated as fair value hedges 
are recognised in the income statement, together with the related changes in the fair value of 
the hedged asset or liability. Fair value hedge accounting is discontinued if the hedging 
instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised or the hedge no longer meets the 
criteria for hedge accounting. 
Net investment hedges 
For hedges of net investments in foreign operations, the effective portion of the gain or loss on 
the hedging instrument is recognised in other comprehensive income, while the ineffective 
portion is recognised in the income statement. Amounts taken to other comprehensive 
income are reclassified from equity to the income statement when the foreign operations are 
sold or liquidated. 
Financial liabilities 
Borrowings are measured at amortised cost. Those borrowings designated as being in fair 
value hedge relationships are remeasured for the fair value changes in respect of the hedged 
risk with these changes recognised in the income statement. All other financial liabilities, 
including short-term payables, are measured at amortised cost. 
Precious metal sale and repurchase agreements 
The group and parent company undertake linked contracts to sell or buy precious metal and 
commit to repurchase or sell the metal in the future. An asset representing the metal which 
the group and parent company have committed to sell or a liability representing the 
obligation to repurchase the metal are recognised in trade and other receivables or trade and 
other payables, respectively. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023154
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
154 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Financial instruments  
Investments and other financial assets 
The group and parent company classify their financial assets in the following measurement 
categories: 
• those measured at fair value either through other comprehensive income or through profit 
or loss; and 
• those measured at amortised cost. 
At initial recognition, the group and parent company measure financial assets at fair value 
plus, in the case of financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss, 
transaction costs that are directly attributable to their acquisition. 
The group and parent company subsequently measure equity investments at fair value and 
have elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in other 
comprehensive income. There is, therefore, no subsequent reclassification of cumulative fair 
value gains and losses to profit or loss following disposal of the investments. 
The group and parent company subsequently measure trade and other receivables and 
contract receivables at amortised cost, with the exception of trade receivables that have been 
designated as at fair value through other comprehensive income because the group has 
certain operations with business models to hold trade receivables for collection or sale. All 
other financial assets, including short-term receivables, are measured at amortised cost less 
any impairment provision. 
For the impairment of trade and contract receivables, the group and parent company apply 
the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, Financial Instruments, which requires expected 
lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition. 
Derivative financial instruments 
The group and parent company use derivative financial instruments, in particular forward 
currency contracts, currency swaps, interest rate swaps and commodity derivatives to manage 
the financial risks associated with their underlying business activities and the financing of 
those activities. The group and parent company do not undertake any speculative trading 
activity in derivative financial instruments. 
Derivative financial instruments are measured at their fair value. Derivative financial 
instruments may be designated at inception as fair value hedges, cash flow hedges or net 
investment hedges if appropriate. For currency swaps designated as instruments in cash 
flow or net investment hedging relationships, the impact from currency basis spreads is 
included in the hedge relationship and may be a source of ineffectiveness recognised in the 
income statement.  
Derivative financial instruments which are not designated as hedging instruments are 
classified as at fair value through profit or loss, but are used to manage financial risk. Changes 
in the fair value of any derivative financial instruments that are not designated as, or are not 
determined to be, effective hedges are recognised immediately in the income statement. The 
vast majority of forward precious metal price contracts are entered into and held for the 
receipt or delivery of precious metal and, therefore, are not recorded at fair value. 
Cash flow hedges 
Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments designated as cash flow hedges 
are recognised in other comprehensive income to the extent that the hedges are effective. 
Ineffective portions are recognised in the income statement immediately. If the hedged item 
results in the recognition of a non-financial asset or liability, the amount previously recognised 
in other comprehensive income is transferred out of equity and included in the initial carrying 
amount of the asset or liability. Otherwise, the amount previously recognised in other 
comprehensive income is transferred to the income statement in the same period that the 
hedged item is recognised in the income statement. If the hedging instrument expires or is 
sold, terminated or exercised or the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, 
amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income remain in equity until the 
forecast transaction occurs. If a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the 
amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are transferred to the income 
statement. If a forward precious metal price contract will be settled net in cash, it is designated 
and accounted for as a cash flow hedge. 
Fair value hedges 
Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments designated as fair value hedges 
are recognised in the income statement, together with the related changes in the fair value of 
the hedged asset or liability. Fair value hedge accounting is discontinued if the hedging 
instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised or the hedge no longer meets the 
criteria for hedge accounting. 
Net investment hedges 
For hedges of net investments in foreign operations, the effective portion of the gain or loss on 
the hedging instrument is recognised in other comprehensive income, while the ineffective 
portion is recognised in the income statement. Amounts taken to other comprehensive 
income are reclassified from equity to the income statement when the foreign operations are 
sold or liquidated. 
Financial liabilities 
Borrowings are measured at amortised cost. Those borrowings designated as being in fair 
value hedge relationships are remeasured for the fair value changes in respect of the hedged 
risk with these changes recognised in the income statement. All other financial liabilities, 
including short-term payables, are measured at amortised cost. 
Precious metal sale and repurchase agreements 
The group and parent company undertake linked contracts to sell or buy precious metal and 
commit to repurchase or sell the metal in the future. An asset representing the metal which 
the group and parent company have committed to sell or a liability representing the 
obligation to repurchase the metal are recognised in trade and other receivables or trade and 
other payables, respectively. 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
155 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Taxation 
Current and deferred tax are recognised in the income statement, except when they relate to 
items recognised directly in equity, in which case the related tax is also recognised in equity. 
Current tax is the amount of income tax expected to be paid in respect of taxable profits using 
the tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. 
Deferred tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising 
between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the balance sheet. 
It is provided using the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the asset or 
liability is settled, based on tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the 
balance sheet date. 
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits 
will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised. No deferred tax asset 
or liability is recognised in respect of temporary differences associated with investments in 
subsidiaries and branches where the group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the 
temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the 
foreseeable future. 
Provisions and contingencies 
Provisions are recognised when the group has a present obligation as a result of a past event 
and a reliable estimate can be made of a probable adverse outcome, for example warranties, 
environmental claims and restructuring. Otherwise, material contingent liabilities are 
disclosed unless the probability of the transfer of economic benefits is remote. Contingent 
assets are only disclosed if an inflow of economic benefits is virtually certain. 
Share-based payments and treasury shares 
The fair value of shares awarded to employees under the performance share plan, restricted 
share plan, long term incentive plan and deferred bonus plan is calculated by adjusting the 
share price on the date of allocation for the present value of the expected dividends that will 
not be received. The resulting cost is charged to the income statement over the relevant 
performance periods, adjusted to reflect actual and expected levels of vesting where 
appropriate. 
The group and parent company provide finance to the employee share ownership trust 
(ESOT) to purchase company shares in the open market. Costs of running the ESOT are 
charged to the income statement. The cost of shares held by the ESOT is deducted in arriving 
at equity until they vest unconditionally with employees. 
Post-employment benefits 
The costs of defined contribution plans are charged to the income statement as they fall due. 
For defined benefit plans, the group and parent company recognise the net assets or liabilities 
of the plans in their balance sheets. Assets are measured at their fair value at the balance 
sheet date. Liabilities are measured at present value using the projected unit credit method 
and a discount rate reflecting yields on high quality corporate bonds. The changes in plan 
assets and liabilities, based on actuarial advice, are recognised as follows: 
• The current service cost is deducted in arriving at operating profit. 
• The net interest cost, based on the discount rate at the beginning of the year, contributions 
paid in and the present value of the net defined benefit liabilities during the year, is 
included in finance costs. 
• Past service costs and curtailment gains and losses are recognised in operating profit at the 
earlier of when the plan amendment or curtailment occurs and when any related 
restructuring costs or termination benefits are recognised. 
• Gains or losses arising from settlements are included in operating profit when the 
settlement occurs. 
• Remeasurements, representing returns on plan assets, excluding amounts included in 
interest, and actuarial gains and losses arising from changes in financial and demographic 
assumptions, are recognised in other comprehensive income. 
Assets held for sale and discontinued operations 
Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale, if available for sale in its 
present condition and a sale is considered highly probable within 12 months. They are 
measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. Assets and 
liabilities classified as held for sale are presented separately on the Balance Sheet. The assets 
are not depreciated or amortised while they are classified as held for sale.  
An impairment loss is recognised in the Income Statement for any initial or subsequent write-
down of the asset or disposal group to fair value less costs to sell. A gain is recognised for any 
subsequent increases in fair value less costs to sell of an asset or disposal group, but not in 
excess of any cumulative impairment loss previously recognised. A gain or loss not previously 
recognised by the date of the sale of the non-current asset (or disposal group) is recognised at 
the date of de-recognition. 
A discontinued operation is a component of the group’s business that either has been disposed 
of, or that is classified as held for sale and represents a separate major line of business or 
geographical area of operations, is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of a separate 
major line of business or geographical area of operations or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively 
with a view to resale. 
Classification as a discontinued operation occurs at the earlier of disposal or when the 
operation meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale. The results of discontinued 
operations are presented separately in the Income Statement. When an operation is classified 
as a discontinued operation, the comparative Income Statement and Statement of Total 
Comprehensive Income is restated as if the operation had been discontinued from the start of 
the comparative year. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 155
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
156 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Sources of estimation uncertainty 
Determining the carrying amounts of certain assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date 
requires estimation of the effects of uncertain future events. In the event that actual outcomes 
differ from those estimated, there may be an adjustment to the carrying amounts of those 
assets and liabilities within the next financial year. Other significant risks of material 
adjustment are the valuation of the liabilities of the defined benefit pension plans and tax 
provisions. The group and parent company have considered the refining process and 
stocktakes, deferred tax assets and climate change and, whilst not deemed to represent a 
significant risk of material adjustment to the group’s and parent company’s financial position 
during the year ending 31st March 2023, represent important accounting estimates. 
Goodwill, other intangibles and other assets 
The group and parent company have significant intangible assets from both business 
acquisitions and investments in new products and technologies. Some of those acquisitions 
and investments are at an early stage of commercial development and, therefore, carry a 
greater risk that they will not be commercially viable. Goodwill and intangible assets not yet 
ready for use are not amortised, but are subject to annual impairment reviews. Other 
intangible assets are amortised from the time they are first ready for use and, together with 
other assets, are assessed for impairment when there is a triggering event that provides 
evidence that they are impaired. 
The impairment reviews require the use of estimates of future profit and cash generation 
based on financial budgets and plans approved by management, generally covering a three-
year period and then extrapolated using long term growth rates, and the pre-tax discount 
rates used in discounting projected cash flows, see note 5. 
Post-employment benefits 
The group’s and parent company’s defined benefit plans are assessed annually by qualified 
independent actuaries. The estimate of the liabilities of the plans is based on a number of 
actuarial assumptions. 
There is a range of possible values for each actuarial assumption and the point within that 
range is estimated to most appropriately reflect the group’s and parent company’s 
circumstances. Small changes in these assumptions can have a significant impact on the 
estimate of the liabilities of the plans. A description of those discount rate and inflation 
assumptions, together with sensitivity analysis, is set out in note 24 to the group and parent 
company accounts. 
Tax provisions 
Tax provisions are determined based on the tax laws and regulations that apply in each of the 
jurisdictions in which the group operates. Tax provisions are recognised where the impact of 
those laws and regulations is unclear and it is probable that there will be a tax adjustment 
representing a future outflow of funds to a tax authority or a consequent adjustment to the 
carrying value of a tax asset. 
Provisions are measured using the best estimate of the most likely amount, being the most 
likely amount in a range of possible outcomes. The resolution of tax positions taken by the 
group can take a considerable period of time to conclude and, in some cases, it is difficult to 
predict the outcome. Group current income tax liabilities at 31st March 2023 of £106 million 
(2022: £97 million) include tax provisions of £97 million (2022: £103 million) and the 
estimation of the range of possible outcomes is an increase in those liabilities by £66 million 
(2022: £83 million) to a decrease of £55 million (2022: £93 million).  The estimates made 
reflect where the group faces routine tax audits or is in ongoing disputes with tax authorities; 
has identified potential tax exposures relating to transfer pricing; or is contesting the tax 
deductibility of certain business costs. 
Deferred tax assets 
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent it is probable that future taxable profits will be 
available, against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised, based on 
management’s assumptions relating to future taxable profits. 
Determination of future taxable profits requires application of judgement and estimates, 
including: market share, expected changes to selling prices, product profitability, precious 
metal prices and other direct input costs, based on management’s expectations of future 
changes in the markets using external sources of information where appropriate. The 
estimates take account of the inherent uncertainties, constraining the expected level of profit 
as appropriate. Changes in these estimates will affect future profits and therefore the 
recoverability of the deferred tax assets. 
Refining process and stocktakes 
The group’s and parent company’s refining businesses process significant quantities of 
precious metal and there are uncertainties regarding the actual amount of metal in the 
refining system at any one time. The group’s refining businesses process over four million 
ounces of platinum group metals per annum with a market value of around £6 billion. The 
majority of metal processed is owned by customers and the group and parent company must 
return pre-agreed quantities of refined metal based on assays of starting materials and other 
contractual arrangements, such as the timing of the return of metal. The group and parent 
company calculate the profits or losses of their refining operations based on estimates, 
including the extent to which process losses are expected during refining. The risk of 
process losses or stock take gains depends on the nature of the starting material being 
refined, the specific refining processes applied, the efficiency of those processes and the 
contractual arrangements.  
Stocktakes are performed to determine the volume and value of metal within the refining 
system compared with the calculated estimates, with the variance being a profit or a loss. 
Stocktakes are, therefore, a key control in the assessment of the accuracy of the profit or loss 
of refining operations. Whilst refining is a complex, large-scale industrial process, the group 
and parent company have appropriate processes and controls over the movement of material 
in their refineries. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023156
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
156 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Sources of estimation uncertainty 
Determining the carrying amounts of certain assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date 
requires estimation of the effects of uncertain future events. In the event that actual outcomes 
differ from those estimated, there may be an adjustment to the carrying amounts of those 
assets and liabilities within the next financial year. Other significant risks of material 
adjustment are the valuation of the liabilities of the defined benefit pension plans and tax 
provisions. The group and parent company have considered the refining process and 
stocktakes, deferred tax assets and climate change and, whilst not deemed to represent a 
significant risk of material adjustment to the group’s and parent company’s financial position 
during the year ending 31st March 2023, represent important accounting estimates. 
Goodwill, other intangibles and other assets 
The group and parent company have significant intangible assets from both business 
acquisitions and investments in new products and technologies. Some of those acquisitions 
and investments are at an early stage of commercial development and, therefore, carry a 
greater risk that they will not be commercially viable. Goodwill and intangible assets not yet 
ready for use are not amortised, but are subject to annual impairment reviews. Other 
intangible assets are amortised from the time they are first ready for use and, together with 
other assets, are assessed for impairment when there is a triggering event that provides 
evidence that they are impaired. 
The impairment reviews require the use of estimates of future profit and cash generation 
based on financial budgets and plans approved by management, generally covering a three-
year period and then extrapolated using long term growth rates, and the pre-tax discount 
rates used in discounting projected cash flows, see note 5. 
Post-employment benefits 
The group’s and parent company’s defined benefit plans are assessed annually by qualified 
independent actuaries. The estimate of the liabilities of the plans is based on a number of 
actuarial assumptions. 
There is a range of possible values for each actuarial assumption and the point within that 
range is estimated to most appropriately reflect the group’s and parent company’s 
circumstances. Small changes in these assumptions can have a significant impact on the 
estimate of the liabilities of the plans. A description of those discount rate and inflation 
assumptions, together with sensitivity analysis, is set out in note 24 to the group and parent 
company accounts. 
Tax provisions 
Tax provisions are determined based on the tax laws and regulations that apply in each of the 
jurisdictions in which the group operates. Tax provisions are recognised where the impact of 
those laws and regulations is unclear and it is probable that there will be a tax adjustment 
representing a future outflow of funds to a tax authority or a consequent adjustment to the 
carrying value of a tax asset. 
Provisions are measured using the best estimate of the most likely amount, being the most 
likely amount in a range of possible outcomes. The resolution of tax positions taken by the 
group can take a considerable period of time to conclude and, in some cases, it is difficult to 
predict the outcome. Group current income tax liabilities at 31st March 2023 of £106 million 
(2022: £97 million) include tax provisions of £97 million (2022: £103 million) and the 
estimation of the range of possible outcomes is an increase in those liabilities by £66 million 
(2022: £83 million) to a decrease of £55 million (2022: £93 million).  The estimates made 
reflect where the group faces routine tax audits or is in ongoing disputes with tax authorities; 
has identified potential tax exposures relating to transfer pricing; or is contesting the tax 
deductibility of certain business costs. 
Deferred tax assets 
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent it is probable that future taxable profits will be 
available, against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised, based on 
management’s assumptions relating to future taxable profits. 
Determination of future taxable profits requires application of judgement and estimates, 
including: market share, expected changes to selling prices, product profitability, precious 
metal prices and other direct input costs, based on management’s expectations of future 
changes in the markets using external sources of information where appropriate. The 
estimates take account of the inherent uncertainties, constraining the expected level of profit 
as appropriate. Changes in these estimates will affect future profits and therefore the 
recoverability of the deferred tax assets. 
Refining process and stocktakes 
The group’s and parent company’s refining businesses process significant quantities of 
precious metal and there are uncertainties regarding the actual amount of metal in the 
refining system at any one time. The group’s refining businesses process over four million 
ounces of platinum group metals per annum with a market value of around £6 billion. The 
majority of metal processed is owned by customers and the group and parent company must 
return pre-agreed quantities of refined metal based on assays of starting materials and other 
contractual arrangements, such as the timing of the return of metal. The group and parent 
company calculate the profits or losses of their refining operations based on estimates, 
including the extent to which process losses are expected during refining. The risk of 
process losses or stock take gains depends on the nature of the starting material being 
refined, the specific refining processes applied, the efficiency of those processes and the 
contractual arrangements.  
Stocktakes are performed to determine the volume and value of metal within the refining 
system compared with the calculated estimates, with the variance being a profit or a loss. 
Stocktakes are, therefore, a key control in the assessment of the accuracy of the profit or loss 
of refining operations. Whilst refining is a complex, large-scale industrial process, the group 
and parent company have appropriate processes and controls over the movement of material 
in their refineries. 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
157 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Sources of estimation uncertainty continued 
Climate change 
The impact of climate change presented in the group’s Strategic Report (see pages 45 to 52) 
and the stated net zero targets have been considered in preparing the group accounts.  
The following considerations were made: 
Impact on the going concern period and viability of the group over the next three years. 
The latest forecasts reflect the continuous investment in sustainable technologies including 
commercialisation of our products used in green hydrogen production and higher 
performance fuel cell components for a range of automotive, non-automotive and 
stationary applications. 
The potential impact of climate change on a number of areas within the financial statements 
has been considered, including: 
• The forecasts of cash flows used in impairment assessments for the carrying value of non-
current assets including goodwill (see note 5). 
• Recoverability of deferred tax assets. 
• The expected lives of fixed assets and their exposure to the physical risk posed by 
climate change. 
The expected lives of property, plant and equipment tends to be short to medium term, as 
such the physical risk posed by climate change in the long term is low. 
Assets held for sale 
Our estimate for the fair value less costs to sell of the Battery Materials business (£15 million) 
is based on third party valuations and our agreement with EV Metals Group plc. 
Judgements made in applying accounting policies 
Metal 
The group and parent company use precious metal owned by customers in their production 
processes. It has been determined that this metal is not controlled by the group or parent 
company and, therefore, it is not recognised on the balance sheet.  
The group and parent company manage precious metal inventories by entering into physically 
settled forward sales and purchases of metal positions in line with a well-established hedging 
policy. The own use exemption has been adopted for these transactions and, therefore, the 
group and parent company do not fair value such physically settled contracts. 
The group undertakes linked contracts to sell or buy precious metal and commits to 
repurchase or sell the metal in the future to manage inventory levels. Accordingly, cash flows 
in respect of sale and repurchase agreements are shown as cash flows from operating 
activities in the cash flow statement rather than cash flows from financing activities. 
Provisions and contingent liabilities 
The group is involved in various disputes and claims which arise from time to time in the 
course of its business including, for example, in relation to commercial matters, product 
quality or liability, employee matters and tax audits. The group is also involved from time to 
time in the course of its business in legal proceedings and actions, engagement with 
regulatory authorities and in dispute resolution processes. Judgement is required to determine 
if an outflow of economic resources is probable, or possible but not probable for such events. 
Where it is probable, a liability is recognised and further judgement is used to determine the 
amount of the provision. Where it is possible but not probable, further judgement is used to 
determine if the likelihood is remote, in which case no disclosures are provided; if the 
likelihood is not remote then a contingent liability is disclosed. Provisions and contingent 
liabilities are set out in notes 22 and 32, respectively. 
In the course of preparing the accounts, no other judgements have been made in the process 
of applying the group’s and parent company’s accounting policies, other than those involving 
estimations, that have had a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the accounts. 
Changes in accounting policies 
Amendments to accounting standards 
The IASB has issued the following amendments, which have been endorsed by the UK 
Endorsement Board, for annual periods beginning on or after 1st January 2022: 
• Annual improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020; 
• Amendments to IAS 16, Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before intended use; 
• Amendments to IAS 37, Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract; and 
• Amendments to IFRS 3, Reference to the Conceptual Framework. 
These changes have not had a material impact on the group. The group has not early adopted 
any standard, interpretation or amendment that was issued but is not yet effective. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 157
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
158 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Changes in accounting policies continued 
Standards effective from 1st April 2023 
IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts, applies to annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1st 
January 2023. The new Standard establishes the principles for the recognition, measurement, 
presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts within the scope of the Standard. The 
objective of IFRS 17 is to ensure that an entity provides relevant information that faithfully 
represents those contracts. 
The group has performed an assessment to establish where an impact is expected and 
considers the impact of this new standard to be immaterial. 
Non-GAAP measures 
The group uses various measures to manage its business which are not defined by generally 
accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The group’s management believes these measures 
provide valuable additional information to users of the accounts in understanding the group’s 
performance. The group’s non-GAAP measures are defined and reconciled to GAAP measures 
in note 34.  
2 Segmental information 
Revenue, sales and underlying operating profit by business 
As announced in our preliminary full year results in May 2022, we have changed our reporting 
structure for the year ending 31st March 2023. The new reporting structure provides greater 
transparency and reflects how we manage our business. Efficient Natural Resources was split 
into two separate segments (PGM Services and Catalyst Technologies), and Hydrogen 
Technologies and Value Businesses are now separate operating segments (previously included 
within Other Markets). Excluding Corporate, the group has five reporting segments, aligned to 
the needs of our customers and the global challenges we are tackling.  
Clean Air – provides catalysts for emission control after-treatment systems used in light and 
heavy duty vehicles powered by internal combustion engines. 
PGM Services – enables the energy transition through providing circular solutions as demand 
for scarce critical materials increases. Provides a strategic service to the group, supporting the 
other segments with security of metal supply, and manufactures value add PGM products. 
Catalyst Technologies – enables the decarbonisation of chemical and fuel value chains. 
Hydrogen Technologies – provides catalyst coated membranes that are a critical component 
for fuel cells and electrolysers. 
Value Businesses – a portfolio of businesses managed to drive shareholder value from 
activities considered to be non-core to the Group. This includes Battery Systems, Medical 
Device Components and Diagnostic Services1. Refer to note 27 for further information on the 
disposal of Battery Materials. Advanced Glass Technologies was sold on 31st January 2022 and 
is included within the prior period balances. 
The Group Leadership Team (the chief operating decision maker as defined by IFRS 8, 
Operating Segments) monitors the results of these operating sectors to assess performance 
and make decisions about the allocation of resources. Each operating sector is represented by 
a member of the Group Leadership Team. These operating sectors represent the group’s 
reportable segments and their principal activities are described on pages 56 to 59. The 
performance of the group’s operating sectors is assessed on sales and underlying operating 
profit (see note 34). Sales between segments are made at market prices, taking into account 
the volumes involved. 
Health was sold during the financial year and its results are therefore presented within 
discontinued operations. Information about this discontinued segment is provided in note 26.  
1. The Group agreed to sell its Diagnostic Services business in May 2023 (see note 26). 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023158
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
158 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Changes in accounting policies continued 
Standards effective from 1st April 2023 
IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts, applies to annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1st 
January 2023. The new Standard establishes the principles for the recognition, measurement, 
presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts within the scope of the Standard. The 
objective of IFRS 17 is to ensure that an entity provides relevant information that faithfully 
represents those contracts. 
The group has performed an assessment to establish where an impact is expected and 
considers the impact of this new standard to be immaterial. 
Non-GAAP measures 
The group uses various measures to manage its business which are not defined by generally 
accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The group’s management believes these measures 
provide valuable additional information to users of the accounts in understanding the group’s 
performance. The group’s non-GAAP measures are defined and reconciled to GAAP measures 
in note 34.  
2 Segmental information 
Revenue, sales and underlying operating profit by business 
As announced in our preliminary full year results in May 2022, we have changed our reporting 
structure for the year ending 31st March 2023. The new reporting structure provides greater 
transparency and reflects how we manage our business. Efficient Natural Resources was split 
into two separate segments (PGM Services and Catalyst Technologies), and Hydrogen 
Technologies and Value Businesses are now separate operating segments (previously included 
within Other Markets). Excluding Corporate, the group has five reporting segments, aligned to 
the needs of our customers and the global challenges we are tackling.  
Clean Air – provides catalysts for emission control after-treatment systems used in light and 
heavy duty vehicles powered by internal combustion engines. 
PGM Services – enables the energy transition through providing circular solutions as demand 
for scarce critical materials increases. Provides a strategic service to the group, supporting the 
other segments with security of metal supply, and manufactures value add PGM products. 
Catalyst Technologies – enables the decarbonisation of chemical and fuel value chains. 
Hydrogen Technologies – provides catalyst coated membranes that are a critical component 
for fuel cells and electrolysers. 
Value Businesses – a portfolio of businesses managed to drive shareholder value from 
activities considered to be non-core to the Group. This includes Battery Systems, Medical 
Device Components and Diagnostic Services1. Refer to note 27 for further information on the 
disposal of Battery Materials. Advanced Glass Technologies was sold on 31st January 2022 and 
is included within the prior period balances. 
The Group Leadership Team (the chief operating decision maker as defined by IFRS 8, 
Operating Segments) monitors the results of these operating sectors to assess performance 
and make decisions about the allocation of resources. Each operating sector is represented by 
a member of the Group Leadership Team. These operating sectors represent the group’s 
reportable segments and their principal activities are described on pages 56 to 59. The 
performance of the group’s operating sectors is assessed on sales and underlying operating 
profit (see note 34). Sales between segments are made at market prices, taking into account 
the volumes involved. 
Health was sold during the financial year and its results are therefore presented within 
discontinued operations. Information about this discontinued segment is provided in note 26.  
1. The Group agreed to sell its Diagnostic Services business in May 2023 (see note 26). 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
159 
2 Segmental information continued 
Revenue, sales and underlying operating profit by business continued 
Year ended 31st March 2023 
 
Clean Air
£m 
PGM Services
£m 
Catalyst 
Technologies 
£m  
Hydrogen 
Technologies
£m 
Value Businesses
£m 
Corporate
£m 
Eliminations
£m 
Total from 
continuing 
operations 
£m  
Revenue from external customers 6,273 7,360 673 62 565 – – 14,933 
Inter-segment revenue – 3,227 14 – – – (3,241) – 
Revenue 6,273 10,587 687 62 565 – (3,241) 14,933 
External sales 2,644 485 547 55 470 – – 4,201 
Inter-segment sales – 85 13 – – – (98) – 
Sales1 2,644 570 560 55 470 – (98) 4,201 
Underlying operating profit / (loss)1 230 257 51 (45) 40 (68) – 465 
Year ended 31st March 2022* 
 
Clean Air
£m 
PGM Services 
(restated)
£m 
Catalyst 
Technologies 
(restated) 
£m  
Hydrogen 
Technologies 
(restated)
£m 
Value Businesses 
(restated)
£m 
Corporate
£m 
Eliminations
£m 
Total from 
continuing 
operations 
£m  
Revenue from external customers 7,085 7,880 581 30 449 – – 16,025 
Inter-segment revenue 4 4,549 6 – 1 – (4,560) – 
Revenue 7,089 12,429 587 30 450 – (4,560) 16,025 
External sales 2,455 497 448 25 353 – – 3,778 
Inter-segment sales 2 90 6 – 1 – (99) – 
Sales1 2,457 587 454 25 354 – (99) 3,778 
Underlying operating profit / (loss)1 302 308 50 (33) 12 (86) – 553 
1. Sales and underlying operating profit are non-GAAP measures (see note 34). Sales excludes the sale of precious metals. Underlying operating profit excludes profit or loss on disposal of businesses, gain or loss on significant legal proceedings, together with associated legal costs, amortisation of 
acquired intangibles and major impairment and restructuring charges. 
* The comparative period is restated to reflect the group’s updated reporting segments. The overall group total is as previously reported. 
 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 159
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
160 
2 Segmental information continued 
Reconciliation from underlying operating profit to operating profit by sector 
Year ended 31st March 2023 
 
Clean Air
£m 
PGM 
Services 
£m  
Catalyst
Technologies
£m 
Hydrogen
Technologies
£m 
Value Businesses
£m 
Corporate
£m 
Total from 
continuing 
operations 
£m  
Underlying operating profit / (loss)1 230 257 51 (45) 40 (68) 465 
Profit on disposal of businesses (note 27) – – – – 12 – 12 
Amortisation of acquired intangibles (1) – (4) – – – (5) 
Loss on significant legal proceedings (25) – – – – – (25) 
Major impairment and restructuring charges (note 6) (13) – (4) (1) (14) (9) (41) 
Operating profit / (loss) 191 257 43 (46) 38 (77) 406 
Year ended 31st March 2022* 
 
Clean Air
£m 
PGM Services 
(restated) 
£m  
Catalyst 
Technologies 
(restated)
£m 
Hydrogen 
Technologies 
(restated)
£m 
Value Businesses 
(restated)
£m 
Corporate
£m 
Total from 
continuing 
operations 
£m  
Underlying operating profit / (loss)1 302 308 50 (33) 12 (86) 553 
Profit on disposal of businesses – – – – 106 – 106 
Amortisation of acquired intangibles (2) – (4) – – – (6) 
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings – – 36 – 6 – 42 
Major impairment and restructuring charges (27) (1) (4) – (400) (8) (440) 
Operating profit / (loss) 273 307 78 (33) (276) (94) 255 
1. Underlying operating profit is a non-GAAP measure (see note 34). Underlying operating profit excludes profit or loss on disposal of businesses, gain or loss on significant legal proceedings, together with associated legal costs, amortisation of acquired intangibles and major impairment and 
restructuring charges. 
* The comparative period is restated to reflect the group’s updated reporting segments. The overall group total is as previously reported.  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023160
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
160 
2 Segmental information continued 
Reconciliation from underlying operating profit to operating profit by sector 
Year ended 31st March 2023 
 
Clean Air
£m 
PGM 
Services 
£m  
Catalyst
Technologies
£m 
Hydrogen
Technologies
£m 
Value Businesses
£m 
Corporate
£m 
Total from 
continuing 
operations 
£m  
Underlying operating profit / (loss)1 230 257 51 (45) 40 (68) 465 
Profit on disposal of businesses (note 27) – – – – 12 – 12 
Amortisation of acquired intangibles (1) – (4) – – – (5) 
Loss on significant legal proceedings (25) – – – – – (25) 
Major impairment and restructuring charges (note 6) (13) – (4) (1) (14) (9) (41) 
Operating profit / (loss) 191 257 43 (46) 38 (77) 406 
Year ended 31st March 2022* 
 
Clean Air
£m 
PGM Services 
(restated) 
£m  
Catalyst 
Technologies 
(restated)
£m 
Hydrogen 
Technologies 
(restated)
£m 
Value Businesses 
(restated)
£m 
Corporate
£m 
Total from 
continuing 
operations 
£m  
Underlying operating profit / (loss)1 302 308 50 (33) 12 (86) 553 
Profit on disposal of businesses – – – – 106 – 106 
Amortisation of acquired intangibles (2) – (4) – – – (6) 
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings – – 36 – 6 – 42 
Major impairment and restructuring charges (27) (1) (4) – (400) (8) (440) 
Operating profit / (loss) 273 307 78 (33) (276) (94) 255 
1. Underlying operating profit is a non-GAAP measure (see note 34). Underlying operating profit excludes profit or loss on disposal of businesses, gain or loss on significant legal proceedings, together with associated legal costs, amortisation of acquired intangibles and major impairment and 
restructuring charges. 
* The comparative period is restated to reflect the group’s updated reporting segments. The overall group total is as previously reported.  
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
161 
2 Segmental information continued 
Other segmental information 
Year ended 31st March 2023  
 
Clean Air
£m 
PGM 
Services 
£m  
Catalyst
Technologies
£m 
Hydrogen
Technologies
£m 
Value Businesses
£m 
Corporate
£m 
Total 
£m  
Segmental net assets 1,784 (2) 680 114 175 515 3,266 
Net debt (note 34)  (1,023) 
Post-employment benefit net assets and liabilities  162 
Deferred tax net assets  102 
Provisions and non-current other payables  (93) 
Investments in joint ventures and associates (note 15)  75 
Net assets held for sale (note 26)  50 
Net assets  2,539 
Property, plant and equipment 70 73 28 44 13 14 242 
Intangible assets 11 6 14 2 – 28 61 
Capital expenditure 81 79 42 46 13 42 303 
Depreciation 74 24 26 4 10 13 151 
Amortisation 2 2 5 – – 27 36 
Impairment losses and (reversals) (notes 5 and 6) (4) 2 – – 12 3 13 
Total 72 28 31 4 22 43 200 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 161
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
162 
2 Segmental information continued 
Other segmental information continued 
Year ended 31st March 2022* 
 
Clean Air
£m 
PGM Services 
(restated) 
£m  
Catalyst 
Technologies 
(restated)
£m 
Hydrogen 
Technologies 
(restated)
£m 
Value Businesses 
(restated)
£m 
Corporate
£m 
Total 
£m  
Segmental net assets 2,108 (702) 743 51 169 330 2,699 
Net debt  (856) 
Post-employment benefit net assets and liabilities  280 
Deferred tax net assets  80 
Provisions and non-current other payables  (86) 
Investments in joint ventures and associates (note 15)  2 
Net assets held for sale  322 
Net assets  2,441 
Property, plant and equipment 71 69 20 11 169 17 357 
Intangible assets 1 2 7 – 26 53 89 
Capital expenditure 72 71 27 11 195 70 446 
Depreciation 63 21 26 2 13 13 138 
Amortisation 2 2 5 – 1 29 39 
Impairment losses (notes 5 and 6) 26 1 6 – 363 8 404 
Total 91 24 37 2 377 50 581 
* The comparative period is restated to reflect the group’s updated reporting segments. The overall group total is as previously reported.  
Refer to note 3 for further required disclosures per IFRS 8, Operating Segments.  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023162
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
162 
2 Segmental information continued 
Other segmental information continued 
Year ended 31st March 2022* 
 
Clean Air
£m 
PGM Services 
(restated) 
£m  
Catalyst 
Technologies 
(restated)
£m 
Hydrogen 
Technologies 
(restated)
£m 
Value Businesses 
(restated)
£m 
Corporate
£m 
Total 
£m  
Segmental net assets 2,108 (702) 743 51 169 330 2,699 
Net debt  (856) 
Post-employment benefit net assets and liabilities  280 
Deferred tax net assets  80 
Provisions and non-current other payables  (86) 
Investments in joint ventures and associates (note 15)  2 
Net assets held for sale  322 
Net assets  2,441 
Property, plant and equipment 71 69 20 11 169 17 357 
Intangible assets 1 2 7 – 26 53 89 
Capital expenditure 72 71 27 11 195 70 446 
Depreciation 63 21 26 2 13 13 138 
Amortisation 2 2 5 – 1 29 39 
Impairment losses (notes 5 and 6) 26 1 6 – 363 8 404 
Total 91 24 37 2 377 50 581 
* The comparative period is restated to reflect the group’s updated reporting segments. The overall group total is as previously reported.  
Refer to note 3 for further required disclosures per IFRS 8, Operating Segments.  
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
163 
3 Revenue 
Products and services 
The group’s principal products and services by operating sector and sub-sector are disclosed in the table below, together with information regarding performance obligations and revenue 
recognition. Revenue is recognised by the group as contractual performance obligations to customers are completed. 
 Sub-sector Primary industry  Principal products and services 
Performance 
obligations Revenue recognition 
 Clean Air 
 Light Duty Catalysts Automotive Catalysts for cars and other light duty vehicles Point in time On despatch or delivery 
 Heavy Duty Catalysts Automotive Catalysts for trucks, buses and non-road equipment Point in time On despatch or delivery 
 PGM Services 
 Platinum Group Metal 
Services 
Various Platinum Group Metal refining and recycling services Over time Based on output 
 Platinum Group Metal trading Point in time On receipt of payment 
 Other precious metal products Point in time On despatch or delivery 
 Platinum Group Metal chemical, industrial products and catalysts Point in time On despatch or delivery 
 Catalyst Technologies 
 Catalyst  
Technologies 
Chemicals / oil 
and gas 
Speciality catalysts and additives Point in time On despatch or delivery 
 Process technology licences Over time Based on costs incurred or straight-line over the licence term 1 
 Engineering design services Over time Based on costs incurred 
 Hydrogen Technologies 
 Fuel Cells technologies Various Fuel cell catalyst coat ed membrane Point in time On despatch or delivery 
 Electrolysis technology Various Electrolyser catalyst co ated membrane Point in time On despatch or delivery 
 Value Businesses 
 
Other Markets (excluding 
Diagnostic Services) 
Various Precious metal pastes and enamels, battery systems and products 
found in devices used in medical procedures 
Point in time On despatch or delivery 
 Diagnostic Services Oil and gas Detect ion, diagnostic and measurement solutions Over time Based on costs incurred 
1. Revenue recognition depends on whether the licence is distinct in the context of the contract. 
Metal revenue: Metal revenue relates to the sales of precious metals to customers, either in pure form or contained within a product. Metal revenue arises in each of the reportable segments in the 
Group. Metal revenue is affected by fluctuations in the market prices of precious metals and, in many cases, the value of precious metals is passed directly on to customers. Given the high value of 
these metals this makes up a significant proportion of revenue. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 163
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
164 
3 Revenue continued 
Revenue judgements 
Over time revenue 
Over time revenue recognition predominantly occurs in Catalyst Technologies and PGM 
Services (Refining Services), see criteria for over time recognition as defined by the group’s 
accounting policies in note 1. 
Refining Services 
The majority of the metal processed by the group and parent company’s refining businesses is 
owned by customers and, therefore, revenue is recognised over time on the basis that the 
group and parent company are providing a service to enhance an asset controlled by the 
customer. The customer controls the metal throughout the refining process, the key indicators 
being legal ownership, metal price risk and that the customer has the right to claim the 
equivalent metal at all stages of processing.  
The performance obligation contained in all refining contracts is a service arrangement to 
refine customer metal to a specified quality and volume by a certain date. For a contract that 
has multiple metals, the refinement of each metal is a separate performance obligation. We 
receive the contracted cash fee which is set with reference to market price at the start of the 
contract. Upon delivery of the refined metal to the customer, the percentage of the refined 
metal that we may retain at settlement is considered to be a non-cash consideration and is 
recognised as part of revenue at fair value.  
Revenue from refining services is recognised using an output method by estimating the 
progress of the metal in the refining process. Once the customer metal is in the refining 
process it is commingled with metal from other customers and it is not separately identifiable. 
Because we have a consistent volume of metal flowing through the refinery process, we 
estimate that all of the metal in the refinery is on average 50% of the way through the 
process. We therefore recognise up to 50% of the revenue (cash service fee and non-cash 
consideration) for our services when metal enters the refining process. Since refining each 
type of metal is a separate performance obligation, once we have returned the metal to the 
customer, we recognise the remaining 50% of revenue for that particular metal while other 
metal may still be due to the same customer. 
Where refinery stocktakes indicate that metal recoveries have been lower than anticipated 
and/or allowed for in process loss provisioning, refined metal gain revenue is reduced 
accordingly. Where refinery stocktakes indicate that metal recoveries have been higher than 
anticipated, any incremental refining metal gain revenue is only recognised once it is highly 
probable that a reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur and 
the metal has been sold. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023164
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
164 
3 Revenue continued 
Revenue judgements 
Over time revenue 
Over time revenue recognition predominantly occurs in Catalyst Technologies and PGM 
Services (Refining Services), see criteria for over time recognition as defined by the group’s 
accounting policies in note 1. 
Refining Services 
The majority of the metal processed by the group and parent company’s refining businesses is 
owned by customers and, therefore, revenue is recognised over time on the basis that the 
group and parent company are providing a service to enhance an asset controlled by the 
customer. The customer controls the metal throughout the refining process, the key indicators 
being legal ownership, metal price risk and that the customer has the right to claim the 
equivalent metal at all stages of processing.  
The performance obligation contained in all refining contracts is a service arrangement to 
refine customer metal to a specified quality and volume by a certain date. For a contract that 
has multiple metals, the refinement of each metal is a separate performance obligation. We 
receive the contracted cash fee which is set with reference to market price at the start of the 
contract. Upon delivery of the refined metal to the customer, the percentage of the refined 
metal that we may retain at settlement is considered to be a non-cash consideration and is 
recognised as part of revenue at fair value.  
Revenue from refining services is recognised using an output method by estimating the 
progress of the metal in the refining process. Once the customer metal is in the refining 
process it is commingled with metal from other customers and it is not separately identifiable. 
Because we have a consistent volume of metal flowing through the refinery process, we 
estimate that all of the metal in the refinery is on average 50% of the way through the 
process. We therefore recognise up to 50% of the revenue (cash service fee and non-cash 
consideration) for our services when metal enters the refining process. Since refining each 
type of metal is a separate performance obligation, once we have returned the metal to the 
customer, we recognise the remaining 50% of revenue for that particular metal while other 
metal may still be due to the same customer. 
Where refinery stocktakes indicate that metal recoveries have been lower than anticipated 
and/or allowed for in process loss provisioning, refined metal gain revenue is reduced 
accordingly. Where refinery stocktakes indicate that metal recoveries have been higher than 
anticipated, any incremental refining metal gain revenue is only recognised once it is highly 
probable that a reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur and 
the metal has been sold. 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
165 
3 Revenue continued 
Revenue from external customers by principal products and services  
Year ended 31st March 2023 
 
Continuing operations 
Total 
£m  
Clean Air 
£m  
PGM
Services
£m 
Catalyst
Technologies
£m 
Hydrogen
Technologies
£m 
Value Businesses
£m 
Metal 3,629 6,875 126 7 95 10,732 
Heavy Duty Catalysts 970 – – – – 970 
Light Duty Catalysts 1,674 – – – – 1,674 
Catalyst Technologies – – 547 – – 547 
Platinum Group Metal Services – 485 – – – 485 
Fuel Cells – – – 55 – 55 
Battery Systems – – – – 284 284 
Diagnostic Services – – – – 71 71 
Medical Device Components – – – – 93 93 
Other – – – – 22 22 
Revenue 6,273 7,360 673 62 565 14,933 
Year ended 31st March 2022* 
 
Continuing operations 
Total 
£m  
Clean Air 
£m  
PGM
Services
(restated)
£m 
Catalyst
Technologies
(restated)
£m 
Hydrogen
Technologies
(restated)
£m 
Value Businesses
(restated)
£m 
Metal 4,630 7,383 133 5 96 12,247 
Heavy Duty Catalysts 849 – – – – 849 
Light Duty Catalysts 1,578 – – – – 1,578 
Catalyst Technologies – – 448 – – 448 
Platinum Group Metal Services – 497 – – – 497 
Fuel Cells – – – 25 – 25 
Battery Materials – – – – 12 12 
Battery Systems – – – – 151 151 
Advanced Glass Technologies – – – – 62 62 
Diagnostic Services – – – – 54 54 
Medical Device Components – – – – 74 74 
Other 28 –––– 2 8 
Revenue 7,085 7,880 581 30 449 16,025 
* The comparative period is restated to reflect the group’s updated reporting segments. The overall group total is as previously reported. 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 165
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
166 
3 Revenue continued 
Revenue from external customers by point in time and over time performance obligations 
Year ended 31st March 2023  
 
Continuing operations 
Total 
£m  
Clean Air 
£m  
PGM
Services
£m 
Catalyst
Technologies
£m 
Hydrogen
Technologies
£m 
Value Businesses
£m 
Revenue recognised at a point in time 6,273 7,096 555 62 534 14,520 
Revenue recognised over time – 264 118 – 31 413 
Revenue 6,273 7,360 673 62 565 14,933 
Year ended 31st March 2022*  
 
Continuing operations 
Total 
£m  
Clean Air 
£m  
PGM
Services
(restated)
£m 
Catalyst
Technologies
(restated)
£m 
Hydrogen
Technologies
(restated)
£m 
Value Businesses
(restated)
£m 
Revenue recognised at a point in time 7,085 7,596 491 30 423 15,625 
Revenue recognised over time – 284 90 – 26 400 
Revenue 7,085 7,880 581 30 449 16,025 
*  The comparative period is restated to reflect the group’s updated reporting segments. The overall group total is as previously reported. 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023166
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
166 
3 Revenue continued 
Revenue from external customers by point in time and over time performance obligations 
Year ended 31st March 2023  
 
Continuing operations 
Total 
£m  
Clean Air 
£m  
PGM
Services
£m 
Catalyst
Technologies
£m 
Hydrogen
Technologies
£m 
Value Businesses
£m 
Revenue recognised at a point in time 6,273 7,096 555 62 534 14,520 
Revenue recognised over time – 264 118 – 31 413 
Revenue 6,273 7,360 673 62 565 14,933 
Year ended 31st March 2022*  
 
Continuing operations 
Total 
£m  
Clean Air 
£m  
PGM
Services
(restated)
£m 
Catalyst
Technologies
(restated)
£m 
Hydrogen
Technologies
(restated)
£m 
Value Businesses
(restated)
£m 
Revenue recognised at a point in time 7,085 7,596 491 30 423 15,625 
Revenue recognised over time – 284 90 – 26 400 
Revenue 7,085 7,880 581 30 449 16,025 
*  The comparative period is restated to reflect the group’s updated reporting segments. The overall group total is as previously reported. 
  
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
167 
3 Revenue continued 
Geographical analysis of revenue from external customers and non-current assets 
The group’s country of domicile is the UK. Revenue from external customers based on the customer’s location and non-current assets based on the location of the assets are disclosed below. 
 
Revenue from external customers Non-current assets 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
UK 3,630 2,845 852 733 
Germany 1,256 1,600 239 244 
Rest of Europe 1,875 2,001 326 292 
USA 2,779 2,756 451 280 
Rest of North America 612 597 34 40 
China (including Hong Kong) 1,649 2,326 201 221 
Rest of Asia 2,287 2,517 147 145 
Rest of World 845 1,383 18 21 
 2,268 1,976 
Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 49 45 
Interest rate swaps 20 12 
Deferred tax assets 121 98 
Post-employment benefit net assets 203 352 
Total 14,933 16,025 2,661 2,483 
Major customers 
The group received £1.6 billion of revenue from one external customer in the Clean Air sector which represents more than 10% of the group’s revenue from external customers during the year 
ended 31st March 2023 (2022: £1.7 billion of revenue from one external customer in the Clean Air sector). 
Unsatisfied performance obligations 
At 31st March 2023, for contracts that had an original expected duration of more than one year, the group had unsatisfied performance obligations of £967 million (2022: £1,039 million), 
representing contractually committed revenue to be recognised at a future date. Of this amount, £394 million (2022: £244 million) is expected to be recognised within one year and £573 million 
(2022: £795 million) is expected to be recognised after one year. 
Payment terms 
The group and parent company supply goods and services on payment terms that are consistent with those standard across the industry and it does not have any customer contracts with a material 
financing component. Where revenue is recognised over time, payment terms are generally consistent with the timeframe over which revenue is recognised. 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 167
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
168 
4 Operating profit  
Operating profit from continuing operations is arrived at after charging / (crediting): 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
Total research and development expenditure 213 201 
Less: Development expenditure capitalised – (22) 
Research and development expenditure charged to the income statement 213 179 
Less: External funding received from governments (19) (18) 
Net research and development expenditure charged to the income statement 194 161 
Inventories recognised as an expense 12,962 14,121 
Write-down of inventories recognised as an expense 39 26 
Reversal of write-down of inventories from increases in net realisable value (19) (16) 
Net gains on foreign exchange (11) (2) 
Net losses on foreign currency forwards at fair value through profit or loss 19 6 
Past service credit (20) (11) 
Depreciation of:  
Property, plant and equipment 137 125 
Right-of-use assets 14 13 
Depreciation 151 138 
Amortisation of:  
Internally generated intangible assets 1 1 
Acquired intangibles 5 6 
Other intangible assets 30 32 
Amortisation 36 39 
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings 25 (42) 
Profit on disposal of businesses (note 27) (12) (106) 
Impairment losses included in administrative expenses 3 3 
Impairment losses (note 5) 3 3 
Impairment losses and reversals included in major impairment and restructuring charges 10 401 
Restructuring charges included in major impairment and restructuring charges 31 39 
Major impairment and restructuring charges (note 6) 41 440 
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings 
During the year, the group paid £25 million in respect of a settlement with a customer on mutually acceptable terms with no admission of fault relating to failures in certain engine systems for 
which the group supplied a particular coated substrate as a component for that customer’s emissions after-treatment systems.  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023168
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
168 
4 Operating profit  
Operating profit from continuing operations is arrived at after charging / (crediting): 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
Total research and development expenditure 213 201 
Less: Development expenditure capitalised – (22) 
Research and development expenditure charged to the income statement 213 179 
Less: External funding received from governments (19) (18) 
Net research and development expenditure charged to the income statement 194 161 
Inventories recognised as an expense 12,962 14,121 
Write-down of inventories recognised as an expense 39 26 
Reversal of write-down of inventories from increases in net realisable value (19) (16) 
Net gains on foreign exchange (11) (2) 
Net losses on foreign currency forwards at fair value through profit or loss 19 6 
Past service credit (20) (11) 
Depreciation of:  
Property, plant and equipment 137 125 
Right-of-use assets 14 13 
Depreciation 151 138 
Amortisation of:  
Internally generated intangible assets 1 1 
Acquired intangibles 5 6 
Other intangible assets 30 32 
Amortisation 36 39 
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings 25 (42) 
Profit on disposal of businesses (note 27) (12) (106) 
Impairment losses included in administrative expenses 3 3 
Impairment losses (note 5) 3 3 
Impairment losses and reversals included in major impairment and restructuring charges 10 401 
Restructuring charges included in major impairment and restructuring charges 31 39 
Major impairment and restructuring charges (note 6) 41 440 
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings 
During the year, the group paid £25 million in respect of a settlement with a customer on mutually acceptable terms with no admission of fault relating to failures in certain engine systems for 
which the group supplied a particular coated substrate as a component for that customer’s emissions after-treatment systems.  
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
169 
4 Operating profit continued 
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings continued 
During the prior year, the group recognised a gain of £44 million in relation to damages and interest from a company found to have unlawfully copied one of our technology designs. An additional 
gain of £6 million was recognised following conclusion of legal proceedings associated to investments in Battery Materials, this was partially offset by a £8 million charge for environmental and 
other costs.  
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings are reported as non-underlying, see note 34. 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
Fees payable to the company’s auditor and its associates for:  
The audit of these accounts 2.2 2.1 
The audit of the accounts of the company’s subsidiaries 2.4 2.4 
The audit of prior period accounts 0.2 0.2 
Total audit fees 4.8 4.7 
Audit-related assurance services 0.4 0.4 
Total non-audit fees 0.4 0.4 
Total fees payable to the company’s auditor and its associates 5.2 5.1 
No audit fees were paid to other auditors (2022: £nil). 
Audit-related assurance services predominantly comprise of reviews of interim financial information. 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 169
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
170 
5 Impairment losses 
During the year ended 31st March 2023, as part of our review for impairment triggers an impairment loss has been recognised in the group income statement within underlying operating profit. 
These losses are stated below: 
 
2023 
£m 
2022  
£m  
Other intangible assets – 1 
Property, plant and equipment 3 2 
Total impairment losses included in administrative expenses 3 3 
Total impairment losses incurred for the year of £13 million is comprised of net major impairment losses of £10 million (see note 6) and £3 million of impairment losses included within 
administrative expenses. 
Goodwill 
Impairment testing 
The group and parent company test goodwill annually for impairment or more frequently if there are indications that goodwill might be impaired. The recoverable amounts of the cash-generating 
units (CGUs) are determined using value in use calculations which generally use cash flow projections based on financial budgets and plans covering a three-year period approved by management. 
The budgets and plans are based on a number of assumptions, including market share, impact of carbon pricing, expected changes to selling prices, product profitability, precious metal prices and 
other direct input costs, based on past experience and management’s expectations of future changes in the markets using external sources of information where appropriate. We also considered 
the physical risk of climate change – including the effect of extreme weather events at sample strategic sites, based on internal and external analysis. 
Significant CGUs 
Goodwill arising on the acquisition of businesses is allocated, at acquisition, to the CGUs that are expected to benefit from that business combination. These CGUs represent the smallest identifiable 
groups of assets that generate cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other groups of assets. Goodwill allocated to the significant CGUs is as follows: 
 
Group 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
Clean Air  
• Heavy Duty Catalysts 87 83 
Catalyst Technologies 268 265 
Value Businesses  
• Other1,2 9 18 
Total carrying amount at 31st March (note 13) 364 366 
1. Other is comprised of CGUs with goodwill balances individually less than £5 million. 
2. Diagnostic Services goodwill has been impaired by £4 million. Refer to note 6 for further information.  
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023170
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
170 
5 Impairment losses 
During the year ended 31st March 2023, as part of our review for impairment triggers an impairment loss has been recognised in the group income statement within underlying operating profit. 
These losses are stated below: 
 
2023 
£m 
2022  
£m  
Other intangible assets – 1 
Property, plant and equipment 3 2 
Total impairment losses included in administrative expenses 3 3 
Total impairment losses incurred for the year of £13 million is comprised of net major impairment losses of £10 million (see note 6) and £3 million of impairment losses included within 
administrative expenses. 
Goodwill 
Impairment testing 
The group and parent company test goodwill annually for impairment or more frequently if there are indications that goodwill might be impaired. The recoverable amounts of the cash-generating 
units (CGUs) are determined using value in use calculations which generally use cash flow projections based on financial budgets and plans covering a three-year period approved by management. 
The budgets and plans are based on a number of assumptions, including market share, impact of carbon pricing, expected changes to selling prices, product profitability, precious metal prices and 
other direct input costs, based on past experience and management’s expectations of future changes in the markets using external sources of information where appropriate. We also considered 
the physical risk of climate change – including the effect of extreme weather events at sample strategic sites, based on internal and external analysis. 
Significant CGUs 
Goodwill arising on the acquisition of businesses is allocated, at acquisition, to the CGUs that are expected to benefit from that business combination. These CGUs represent the smallest identifiable 
groups of assets that generate cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other groups of assets. Goodwill allocated to the significant CGUs is as follows: 
 
Group 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
Clean Air  
• Heavy Duty Catalysts 87 83 
Catalyst Technologies 268 265 
Value Businesses  
• Other1,2 9 18 
Total carrying amount at 31st March (note 13) 364 366 
1. Other is comprised of CGUs with goodwill balances individually less than £5 million. 
2. Diagnostic Services goodwill has been impaired by £4 million. Refer to note 6 for further information.  
  
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
171 
5 Impairment losses continued 
Key assumptions used in value in use 
Unallocated corporate costs are split between CGUs based on their share of contribution. The three-year cash flows are extrapolated using the long term average growth rates for the relevant 
products, industries and countries in which the CGUs operate.  
The expected economic life of the Heavy Duty Catalysts has been restricted to 2040 reflecting internal climate change targets and impact of legislation changes. In the medium term, growth will 
come from tightening emissions legislation driving demand for more sophisticated catalyst systems. Beyond the medium term, the world will increasingly use alternatives to the internal 
combustion engine which is reflected in the long-term decline rate used in our modelling.  
Pre-tax discount rates, derived from the group’s post-tax weighted average cost of capital of 8.0% (2022: 7.7%), adjusted for the risks applicable to each CGU are used to discount these projected 
risk-adjusted cash flows. 
The key assumptions are: 
 
Discount rate Long term growth rate 
2023 2022 2023 2022 
Clean Air  
• Heavy Duty Catalysts 12.1% 11.6% –10.5% –15.1% 
Catalyst Technologies 10.8% 10.2% 3.0% 3.0% 
Different long term growth rates are used for the Clean Air - Heavy Duty Catalysts CGU because of expected macroeconomic trends in the industry in which the business operates. The growth rate 
for years four to ten is expected to be 2.2% (2022: 2.7%). After that, growth is expected to decline and, therefore, the long term growth rate above is used for year eleven onwards.  
Sensitivity analysis 
The headroom for the significant CGUs, calculated as the difference between net assets including allocated goodwill at 31st March 2023 and the value in use calculations, is shown below. The table 
also shows, for each significant CGU, the headroom assuming a 1% decrease in the growth rate assumption and a 1% increase in the discount rate assumption used in the value in use calculations. 
 
Headroom as at 31st 
March 2023
£m 
Headroom assuming a 
1% decrease in the 
growth rate
£m 
Headroom assuming a 
1% increase in the 
discount rate 
£m  
Clean Air  
• Heavy Duty Catalysts 383 349 329 
Catalyst Technologies 662 482 471 
A reduction in the Heavy Duty Catalysts CGU’s expected economic life by one year reduces headroom by approximately £13 million from £383 million. We don't expect an impairment in the near 
term in Clean Air despite the declining long-term assumptions. 
A reduction in operating margin of 1% in the Catalyst Technologies CGU in each of the future years, with no mitigating actions taken, reduces headroom by approximately £90 million from  
£662 million.  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 171
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
172 
6 Major impairment and restructuring charges 
The below amounts are excluded from the underlying operating profit of the group for continuing operations. 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
Property, plant and equipment 17 238 
Right-of-use assets – 4 
Goodwill 4 45 
Other intangible assets 3 78 
Inventories (8) 17 
Trade and other receivables (6) 19 
Impairment losses and reversals 10 401 
Restructuring charges 31 39 
Total major impairment and restructuring charges 41 440 
Major impairment and restructuring charges are shown separately on the face of the income statement and excluded from underlying operating profit (see note 34). 
Major impairments 
The group’s net impairment charge of £10 million includes further impairment charges to plants and related production assets in Clean Air as the sector continues to consolidate its existing capacity 
into new, more efficient plants in order to create a simplified and agile structure. Further impairment charges were also recognised in relation to parts of the Battery Materials business reflecting 
elements of the contract to sell the business to EV Metals Group.  
On 3rd May 2023 the group announced the sale of its Diagnostic Services business to Sullivan Street Partners. The business is presented as held for sale (refer to note 26) at fair value less estimated 
costs to sell. This has resulted in an impairment to goodwill of £4 million (see note 5). 
The major impairments charge also includes impairment reversals for previously impaired Clean Air equipment that has been re-purposed, and Russia related inventories and receivables that have 
subsequently been recovered in cash. Although this cash is reported as restricted (see note 1), there are no impairment indicators. 
Major restructuring 
The group’s transformation programme was launched in May 2022 and was designed to drive increased competitiveness, improved execution capability and create financial headroom to facilitate 
further investment in high growth areas. Restructuring charges of £17 million have been recognised of which the majority is redundancy and implementation costs. The remaining charge is related 
to Clean Air’s ongoing plant consolidation initiatives. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023172
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
172 
6 Major impairment and restructuring charges 
The below amounts are excluded from the underlying operating profit of the group for continuing operations. 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
Property, plant and equipment 17 238 
Right-of-use assets – 4 
Goodwill 4 45 
Other intangible assets 3 78 
Inventories (8) 17 
Trade and other receivables (6) 19 
Impairment losses and reversals 10 401 
Restructuring charges 31 39 
Total major impairment and restructuring charges 41 440 
Major impairment and restructuring charges are shown separately on the face of the income statement and excluded from underlying operating profit (see note 34). 
Major impairments 
The group’s net impairment charge of £10 million includes further impairment charges to plants and related production assets in Clean Air as the sector continues to consolidate its existing capacity 
into new, more efficient plants in order to create a simplified and agile structure. Further impairment charges were also recognised in relation to parts of the Battery Materials business reflecting 
elements of the contract to sell the business to EV Metals Group.  
On 3rd May 2023 the group announced the sale of its Diagnostic Services business to Sullivan Street Partners. The business is presented as held for sale (refer to note 26) at fair value less estimated 
costs to sell. This has resulted in an impairment to goodwill of £4 million (see note 5). 
The major impairments charge also includes impairment reversals for previously impaired Clean Air equipment that has been re-purposed, and Russia related inventories and receivables that have 
subsequently been recovered in cash. Although this cash is reported as restricted (see note 1), there are no impairment indicators. 
Major restructuring 
The group’s transformation programme was launched in May 2022 and was designed to drive increased competitiveness, improved execution capability and create financial headroom to facilitate 
further investment in high growth areas. Restructuring charges of £17 million have been recognised of which the majority is redundancy and implementation costs. The remaining charge is related 
to Clean Air’s ongoing plant consolidation initiatives. 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
173 
7 Employee information 
Employee numbers 
 2023 2022* 
Clean Air 5,668 5,846
PGM Services 1,839 1,791
Catalyst Technologies 1,623 1,530
Hydrogen Technologies 418 335
Value Businesses 1,363 1,836
Corporate1 1,590 1,259
Monthly average number of employees 12,501 12,597
1. The Corporate segment includes global functions serving our business units including procurement, HR, IT and shared service centres. 
* Restated to reflect classification of the Health segment as discontinued operations (see note 26). 
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Wages and salaries 604 583
Social security costs 70 60
Post-employment costs (note 24) 40 62
Share-based payments (note 30) 18 13
Termination benefits 1 3
Employee benefits expense from continuing operations 733 721
8 Investment income and financing costs  
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Net loss on remeasurement of foreign currency swaps held at 
fair value through profit or loss (20) (19) 
Interest payable on financial liabilities held at amortised cost 
and interest on related swaps (55) (45) 
Interest payable on other liabilities1 (33) (35) 
Interest payable on lease liabilities (2) (2) 
Total finance costs (110) (101) 
  
Net gain on remeasurement of foreign currency swaps held at 
fair value through profit or loss 9 6 
Interest receivable on financial assets held at amortised cost 11 2 
Interest receivable on other assets1 21 31 
Interest on post-employment benefits 8 2 
Total investment income 49 41 
Net finance costs from continuing operations (61) (60) 
1. Interest payable and receivable on other liabilities and assets mainly comprises interest on precious metal leases and the amortisation of 
contango and backwardation on precious metal inventory and sale and repurchase agreements.  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 173
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
174 
9 Tax expense 
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Current tax 
Corporation tax on profit for the year 95 55
Adjustment for prior years 1 (5)
Total current tax 96 50
Deferred tax 
Origination and reversal of temporary differences (37) (1)
Adjustment for prior years 14 8
Total deferred tax (note 23) (23) 7
Tax expense 73 57
The tax expense can be reconciled to profit before tax in the income statement as follows: 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Profit before tax from continuing operations 344 195
Profit / (Loss) before tax from discontinued operations 5 (239)
Profit / (loss) before tax 349 (44)
Tax expense / (credit) at UK corporation tax rate of 19% (2022: 19%) 66 (8)
Effects of: 
Overseas tax rates 5 13
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 5 9
Losses and other temporary differences not recognised 8 1
Impairment and restructuring charges – 70
Recognition or utilisation of previously unrecognised tax assets (7) (1)
Adjustment for prior years 15 3
Patent box / Innovation box (7) (10)
Other tax incentives (3) (5)
Tax rate adjustments (1) (1)
Disposal of businesses (13) (28)
Irrecoverable withholding tax 10 9
Other (5) 5
Tax expense 73 57
Tax expense from continuing operations 80 79
Tax credit from discontinued operations (7) (22)
Tax expense 73 57
In the March 2021 Budget the UK Government announced that legislation will be introduced 
in Finance Bill 2021 to increase the main rate of UK corporation tax from 19% to 25%, 
effective 1st April 2023. The legislation increasing the tax rate to 25% was substantially 
enacted on 24th May 2021. Deferred tax balances at 31st March 2023 have been measured 
using the enacted tax rate of 25%. 
Adjustments for prior years includes current and deferred tax adjustments in respect of the 
UK, US, Japan and Germany, as well as adjustments in respect of provisions for uncertain 
tax positions. 
Other tax incentives includes research and development tax incentives in the US and China 
and other tax incentives in Poland. 
Other movements mainly includes movements in respect of provisions for uncertain tax 
positions and non-taxable income.  
10 Earnings / (loss) per ordinary share  
Earnings / (loss) per ordinary share have been calculated by dividing loss or profit for the year 
by the weighted average number of shares in issue during the year. 
 
2023
pence 
2022 
pence 
Earnings / (loss) per share  
Basic 150.9 (52.6) 
Diluted 150.2 (52.6) 
Basic from continuing operations 144.2 60.9 
Diluted from continuing operations 143.6 60.8 
See note 26 for the earnings per ordinary share from discontinued operations. 
 2023 2022 
Earnings / (loss) (£ million)  
Basic and diluted earnings / (loss) 276 (101) 
Weighted average number of shares in issue  
Basic 183,012,301 191,568,756 
Dilution for long-term incentive plans 851,432 585,024 
Diluted 183,863,733 192,153,780 
Presented earnings / (loss) per ordinary share have been calculated using unrounded 
numbers.   
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023174
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
174 
9 Tax expense 
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Current tax 
Corporation tax on profit for the year 95 55
Adjustment for prior years 1 (5)
Total current tax 96 50
Deferred tax 
Origination and reversal of temporary differences (37) (1)
Adjustment for prior years 14 8
Total deferred tax (note 23) (23) 7
Tax expense 73 57
The tax expense can be reconciled to profit before tax in the income statement as follows: 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Profit before tax from continuing operations 344 195
Profit / (Loss) before tax from discontinued operations 5 (239)
Profit / (loss) before tax 349 (44)
Tax expense / (credit) at UK corporation tax rate of 19% (2022: 19%) 66 (8)
Effects of: 
Overseas tax rates 5 13
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 5 9
Losses and other temporary differences not recognised 8 1
Impairment and restructuring charges – 70
Recognition or utilisation of previously unrecognised tax assets (7) (1)
Adjustment for prior years 15 3
Patent box / Innovation box (7) (10)
Other tax incentives (3) (5)
Tax rate adjustments (1) (1)
Disposal of businesses (13) (28)
Irrecoverable withholding tax 10 9
Other (5) 5
Tax expense 73 57
Tax expense from continuing operations 80 79
Tax credit from discontinued operations (7) (22)
Tax expense 73 57
In the March 2021 Budget the UK Government announced that legislation will be introduced 
in Finance Bill 2021 to increase the main rate of UK corporation tax from 19% to 25%, 
effective 1st April 2023. The legislation increasing the tax rate to 25% was substantially 
enacted on 24th May 2021. Deferred tax balances at 31st March 2023 have been measured 
using the enacted tax rate of 25%. 
Adjustments for prior years includes current and deferred tax adjustments in respect of the 
UK, US, Japan and Germany, as well as adjustments in respect of provisions for uncertain 
tax positions. 
Other tax incentives includes research and development tax incentives in the US and China 
and other tax incentives in Poland. 
Other movements mainly includes movements in respect of provisions for uncertain tax 
positions and non-taxable income.  
10 Earnings / (loss) per ordinary share  
Earnings / (loss) per ordinary share have been calculated by dividing loss or profit for the year 
by the weighted average number of shares in issue during the year. 
 
2023
pence 
2022 
pence 
Earnings / (loss) per share  
Basic 150.9 (52.6) 
Diluted 150.2 (52.6) 
Basic from continuing operations 144.2 60.9 
Diluted from continuing operations 143.6 60.8 
See note 26 for the earnings per ordinary share from discontinued operations. 
 2023 2022 
Earnings / (loss) (£ million)  
Basic and diluted earnings / (loss) 276 (101) 
Weighted average number of shares in issue  
Basic 183,012,301 191,568,756 
Dilution for long-term incentive plans 851,432 585,024 
Diluted 183,863,733 192,153,780 
Presented earnings / (loss) per ordinary share have been calculated using unrounded 
numbers.   
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
175 
11 Property, plant and equipment 
Group 
 
Land 
and 
buildings 
£m 
Leasehold
improvements
£m 
Plant and
machinery
£m 
Assets in
the course of
construction
£m 
Total
£m 
Cost  
At 1st April 2021 667 31 2,310 377 3,385
Additions 1 1 38 339 379
Transferred to assets classified as held 
for sale (107) (5) (392) (282) (786)
Transfers from assets in the course of 
construction 11 1 120 (132) –
Disposals (1) – (25) (1) (27)
Disposal of businesses (13) (1) (44) (1) (59)
Exchange adjustments 12 – 48 4 64
At 31st March 2022 570 27 2,055 304 2,956
Additions 1 – 24 217 242
Transferred to assets classified as held 
for sale (note 26) – (1) (41) – (42)
Transfers from assets in the course of 
construction 22 2 128 (152) –
Disposals (1) (1) (33) (13) (48)
Disposal of businesses (note 27) – – (10) – (10)
Exchange adjustments 7 1 28 4 40
At 31st March 2023 599 28 2,151 360 3,138
 
 
 
Land
and 
buildings
£m 
Leasehold
improvements
£m 
Plant and
machinery
£m 
Assets in
the course of
construction
£m 
Total 
£m 
Accumulated depreciation and 
impairment  
At 1st April 2021 321 17 1,606 17 1,961 
Charge for the year 18 2 117 – 137 
Impairment losses (notes 5, 6 and 26) 21 – 64 210 295 
Transferred to assets classified as held 
for sale (91) (4) (335) (210) (640) 
Disposals (1) – (23) – (24) 
Disposal of businesses (8) (2) (38) – (48) 
Exchange adjustments 5 1 33 (2) 37 
At 31st March 2022 265 14 1,424 15 1,718 
Charge for the year 17 1 119 – 137 
Impairment losses (notes 5, 6 and 26) – – 8 4 12 
Transferred to assets classified as held 
for sale (note 26) – (1) (31) – (32) 
Disposals (1) – (33) (11) (45) 
Disposal of businesses (note 27) – – (8) – (8) 
Exchange adjustments 3 1 20 – 24 
At 31st March 2023 284 15 1,499 8 1,806 
Carrying amount at 31st March 2023 315 13 652 352 1,332 
Carrying amount at 31st March 2022 305 13 631 289 1,238 
Carrying amount at 1st April 2021 346 14 704 360 1,424 
Finance costs capitalised were £2 million (2022: £5 million) and the capitalisation rate used 
to determine the amount of finance costs eligible for capitalisation was 4.0% (2022: 4.2%). 
During the year, the group recognised impairments of £12 million. The impairment charge is 
comprised of £3 million included in administrative expenses, see note 5, and a net £9 million 
charge included in non-underlying expenses.  
During the prior year, the group recognised impairments of £295 million. The impairment 
charge is comprised of £2 million included in administrative expenses, see note 5, and £238 
million included in non-underlying expenses, see note 6. A further £55 million of impairment 
charges were incurred in relation to the Health segment. 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 175
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
176 
12 Leases 
Leasing activities 
The group leases some of their property, plant and equipment which are used by the group 
company in their operations.  
Right-of-use assets  
Group  
 
Land and 
buildings
£m 
Plant and 
machinery
£m 
Total
£m 
At 1st April 2022 57 4 61
New leases, remeasurements and modifications 9 4 13
Depreciation charge for the year (11) (3) (14)
Transferred to held for sale (note 26) (9) – (9)
Exchange adjustments (2) – (2)
At 31st March 2023 44 5 49
Lease liabilities 
 
Group 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Current 9 10
Non-current 31 40
Total liabilities 40 50
   
 Group 
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Interest expense 2 2
The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to the group’s lease liabilities was 
4.4% (2022: 4.1%). 
A maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 28. 
Other 
 
Group 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Total cash outflow for leases 16 16
The expense relating to low-value and short-term leases is immaterial. 
13 Goodwill  
 
Group 
£m 
Cost  
At 1st April 2021 572 
Disposal of business (2) 
Exchange adjustments 3 
At 31st March 2022 573 
Disposal of businesses (note 27) (148) 
Exchange adjustments 6 
At 31st March 2023 431 
Impairment  
At 1st April 2021 18 
Impairment losses 189 
At 31st March 2022 207 
Disposal of businesses (note 27) (144) 
Impairment losses (notes 5, 26) 4 
At 31st March 2023 67 
Carrying amount at 31st March 2023 364 
Carrying amount at 31st March 2022 366 
Carrying amount at 1st April 2021 554 
During the current year, the Diagnostic Services goodwill was fully impaired by £4 million to 
reflect the fair value less costs to sell of the business upon reclassification to assets held for 
sale, see note 6. The Health business was disposed during the current year, see note 27.  
During the prior year, the Health segment was fully impaired by £144 million upon 
reclassification to assets held for sale. The Diagnostic Services goodwill was impaired by 
£45 million.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023176
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
176 
12 Leases 
Leasing activities 
The group leases some of their property, plant and equipment which are used by the group 
company in their operations.  
Right-of-use assets  
Group  
 
Land and 
buildings
£m 
Plant and 
machinery
£m 
Total
£m 
At 1st April 2022 57 4 61
New leases, remeasurements and modifications 9 4 13
Depreciation charge for the year (11) (3) (14)
Transferred to held for sale (note 26) (9) – (9)
Exchange adjustments (2) – (2)
At 31st March 2023 44 5 49
Lease liabilities 
 
Group 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Current 9 10
Non-current 31 40
Total liabilities 40 50
   
 Group 
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Interest expense 2 2
The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to the group’s lease liabilities was 
4.4% (2022: 4.1%). 
A maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 28. 
Other 
 
Group 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Total cash outflow for leases 16 16
The expense relating to low-value and short-term leases is immaterial. 
13 Goodwill  
 
Group 
£m 
Cost  
At 1st April 2021 572 
Disposal of business (2) 
Exchange adjustments 3 
At 31st March 2022 573 
Disposal of businesses (note 27) (148) 
Exchange adjustments 6 
At 31st March 2023 431 
Impairment  
At 1st April 2021 18 
Impairment losses 189 
At 31st March 2022 207 
Disposal of businesses (note 27) (144) 
Impairment losses (notes 5, 26) 4 
At 31st March 2023 67 
Carrying amount at 31st March 2023 364 
Carrying amount at 31st March 2022 366 
Carrying amount at 1st April 2021 554 
During the current year, the Diagnostic Services goodwill was fully impaired by £4 million to 
reflect the fair value less costs to sell of the business upon reclassification to assets held for 
sale, see note 6. The Health business was disposed during the current year, see note 27.  
During the prior year, the Health segment was fully impaired by £144 million upon 
reclassification to assets held for sale. The Diagnostic Services goodwill was impaired by 
£45 million.
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
 
177 
14 Other intangible assets  
Group  
 
Customer
contracts and
relationships
£m 
Computer
software
£m 
Patents,
trademarks
and licences
£m 
Acquired
research and
technology
£m 
Development
expenditure
£m 
Total 
£m 
Cost  
At 1st April 2021 133 367 65 42 226 833 
Additions – 66 1 – 33 100 
Transferred to assets classified as held for sale – (15) (20) (5) (127) (167) 
Disposal of businesses (1) (2) – – – (3) 
Exchange adjustments –31–37  
At 31st March 2022 132 419 47 37 135 770 
Additions – 59 2 – – 61 
Transferred to assets classified as held for sale (note 26) (1) (1) – (1) – (3) 
Disposals (2) (2) (7) – – (11) 
Disposal of businesses (note 27) (13) – – – – (13) 
Exchange adjustments – – 1 1 – 2 
At 31st March 2023 116 475 43 37 135 806 
Accumulated amortisation and impairment  
At 1st April 2021 108 144 46 41 135 474 
Charge for the year 4 31 1 2 1 39 
Impairment losses (notes 5, 6 and 26) – 15 12 – 75 102 
Transferred to assets classified as held for sale – (13) (18) (5) (79) (115) 
Reclassification – – 2 (2) – – 
Disposal of businesses (1) (2) – – – (3) 
Exchange adjustments 131–16  
At 31st March 2022 112 178 44 36 133 503 
Charge for the year 4 31 – 1 – 36 
Impairment losses (notes 5, 6 and 26) – 3 – – – 3 
Transferred to assets classified as held for sale (note 26) (1) (1) – (1) – (3) 
Disposals (2) (2) (6) – – (10) 
Disposal of businesses (note 27) (13) – – – – (13) 
Exchange adjustments 1 – 1 1 – 3 
At 31st March 2023 101 209 39 37 133 519 
Carrying amount at 31st March 2023 15 266 4 – 2 287 
Carrying amount at 31st March 2022 20 241 3 1 2 267 
Carrying amount at 1st April 2021 25 223 19 1 91 359 
During the year, the group recognised impairments of £3 million, see note 6.  
During the prior year, the group recognised impairments of £102 million. The impairment charge is comprised of £1 million included in administrative expenses, see note 5, and £78 million 
included in non-underlying expenses, see note 6. A further £23 million of impairment charges were incurred in relation to the Health segment.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 177
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
 
178 
15 Investments in joint ventures and associates  
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Investments in joint ventures – 2
Investments in associates 75 –
Investments in joint ventures and associates 75 2
The movements in the year were: 
 
Joint ventures
£m 
Associates
£m 
Total
£m 
At 1st April 2021 and 31st March 2022 2–2
Additions – 75 75
Disposals (2) – (2)
Group’s share of loss for the year – (1) (1)
Exchange adjustments – 1 1
At 31st March 2023 – 75 75
During the year the group sold its 51% interest in the ordinary share capital of Quingdao 
Johnson Matthey Hero Catalyst Company Limited for consideration of £2 million. This resulted 
in £nil profit on disposal. 
As part of the disposal of our Health business (see note 27), we received £75 million in the 
form of shares which constitutes an approximately 30% equity interest in the re-branded 
business (Veranova). The group has determined that it has significant influence and therefore 
has equity accounted this stake as an investment in associate. 
The group has disclosed a contingent liability relating to this associate, see note 32. Financial 
information for Veranova for the year to 31st March 2023 is provided below, note Veranova’s 
financial year end is 31st December. The information disclosed reflects the amounts presented 
in the financial statements of Veranova and not the group’s share of those amounts. 
 
2023 
£m  
Summarised balance sheet  
Non-current assets 159 
Cash and cash equivalents 12 
Other current assets 203 
Current assets 215 
Current liabilities (71) 
Non-current liabilities (14) 
Net assets 289 
Summarised statement of comprehensive income  
Revenue 189 
Depreciation and amortisation (19) 
Income tax expense (2) 
Loss for the year and total comprehensive expense (4) 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023178
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
 
178 
15 Investments in joint ventures and associates  
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Investments in joint ventures – 2
Investments in associates 75 –
Investments in joint ventures and associates 75 2
The movements in the year were: 
 
Joint ventures
£m 
Associates
£m 
Total
£m 
At 1st April 2021 and 31st March 2022 2–2
Additions – 75 75
Disposals (2) – (2)
Group’s share of loss for the year – (1) (1)
Exchange adjustments – 1 1
At 31st March 2023 – 75 75
During the year the group sold its 51% interest in the ordinary share capital of Quingdao 
Johnson Matthey Hero Catalyst Company Limited for consideration of £2 million. This resulted 
in £nil profit on disposal. 
As part of the disposal of our Health business (see note 27), we received £75 million in the 
form of shares which constitutes an approximately 30% equity interest in the re-branded 
business (Veranova). The group has determined that it has significant influence and therefore 
has equity accounted this stake as an investment in associate. 
The group has disclosed a contingent liability relating to this associate, see note 32. Financial 
information for Veranova for the year to 31st March 2023 is provided below, note Veranova’s 
financial year end is 31st December. The information disclosed reflects the amounts presented 
in the financial statements of Veranova and not the group’s share of those amounts. 
 
2023 
£m  
Summarised balance sheet  
Non-current assets 159 
Cash and cash equivalents 12 
Other current assets 203 
Current assets 215 
Current liabilities (71) 
Non-current liabilities (14) 
Net assets 289 
Summarised statement of comprehensive income  
Revenue 189 
Depreciation and amortisation (19) 
Income tax expense (2) 
Loss for the year and total comprehensive expense (4) 
  
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
179 
16 Inventories  
 
Group 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Raw materials and consumables 359 331
Work in progress 1,047 932
Finished goods and goods for resale 296 286
Inventories 1,702 1,549
Work in progress includes £754 million (31st March 2022: £656 million) of precious metal 
which is committed to future sales to customers and valued at the price at which it is 
contractually committed. 
17 Trade and other receivables 
 
Group 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Current 
Trade receivables 1,304 1,393
Contract receivables 70 88
Prepayments 83 75
Value added tax and other sales tax receivable 142 89
Advance payments to customers 10 10
Amounts receivable under precious metal sale  
and repurchase agreements1 222 114
Other receivables 51 27
Trade and other receivables 1,882 1,796
Non-current 
Value added tax and other sales tax receivable 3 3
Advance payments to customers 53 39
Other receivables 57 –
Other receivables 113 42
1. The fair value of the precious metal contracted to be sold by the group under sale and repurchase agreements is £215 million (2022: £108 
million). 
The group enters into factoring type arrangements in a small number of countries as part of 
normal business due to longer than standard payment terms, we seek to collect payments in 
the month following sale. As at 31st March 2023, the level of these arrangements was 
approximately £250 million (31st March 2022: approximately £250 million).  
Trade receivables and contract receivables are net of expected credit losses (see note 28).  
18 Other financial assets and liabilities 
 Group 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Current assets  
Forward foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges 11 5 
Forward precious metal price contracts designated as cash flow hedges 30 – 
Forward foreign exchange contracts and currency swaps at fair value 
through profit or loss 6 22 
Other financial assets 47 27 
Non-current assets  
Forward precious metal price contracts designated as cash flow hedges 48 – 
Other financial assets 48 – 
Current liabilities  
Forward foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges (13) (9) 
Forward precious metal price contracts designated as cash flow hedges – (20) 
Forward foreign exchange contracts and currency swaps at fair value 
through profit or loss (14) (15) 
Other financial liabilities (27) (44) 
Non-current liabilities  
Forward precious metal price contracts designated as cash flow hedges – (12) 
Other financial liabilities – (12) 
19 Trade and other payables 
 
Group 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
Current  
Tradepayables 831 753 
Contract liabilities 181 273 
Accruals 338 439 
Amounts payable under precious metal sale and repurchase agreements1 838 793 
Other payables 309 305 
Trade and other payables 2,497 2,563 
Non-current  
Other payables 2 2 
Trade and other payables 2 2 
1. The fair value of the precious metal contracted to be repurchased by the group under sale and repurchase agreements is £802 million (2022: 
£782 million). 
The amount of the contract liabilities balance at 31st March 2022 which was recognised in 
revenue during the year ended 31st March 2023 for the group company was £70 million 
(2022: £113 million). 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 179
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
 
180 
20 Borrowings and related swaps  
 
Group 
2023 
£m 
2022  
£m  
Non-current  
Bank and other loans  
2.99% $165 million Bonds 2023 – (125) 
2.44% €20 million Bonds 2023 – (17) 
3.57% £65 million Bonds 2024 (65) (65) 
3.565% $50 million KfW loan 2024 (40) (38) 
3.14% $130 million Bonds 2025 (105) (99) 
1.40% €77 million Bonds 2025 (61) (64) 
2.54% £45 million Bonds 2025 (45) (45) 
3.79% $130 million Bonds 2025 (105) (99) 
3.97% $120 million Bonds 2027 (97) (90) 
SONIA + 1.25% UKEF EDG £ Facility 2028 (248) – 
EURIBOR + 1.20% UKEF EDG € Facility 2028 (157) – 
3.39% $180 million Bonds 2028 (144) (137) 
1.81% €90 million Bonds 2028 (69) (74) 
2.77% £35 million Bonds 2029 (35) – 
3.00% $50 million Bonds 2029 (40) – 
4.10% $30 million Bonds 2030 (24) (23) 
2.92% €25 million Bonds 2030 (22) (21) 
1.90% €225 million Bonds 2032 (198) – 
Cross currency interest rate swaps designated as net investment hedges (5) (2) 
Borrowings and related swaps (1,460) (899) 
Current  
€166 million EIB loan 2022 – (140) 
3.26% $150 million Bonds 2022  – (115) 
2.99% $165 million Bonds 2023 (133) – 
2.44% €20 million Bonds 2023 (18) – 
Other bank loans (4) (10) 
Borrowings and related swaps (155) (265) 
The 1.40% €77 million Bonds 2025 and the 1.81% €90 million Bonds 2028 have been swapped into floating rate euros. $100 million of the 3.14% $130 million Bonds 2025 have been swapped 
into sterling at 2.83% and the 3.00% $50 million Bonds 2029 have been swapped into euros at 1.71%. 
All borrowings bear interest at fixed rates with the exception of the UKEF EDG EUR and GBP facilities which bear interest at 6 Months EURIBOR plus 1.20% and SONIA plus 1.25% and bank 
overdrafts, which bear interest at commercial floating rates. 
During the year, the group drew down on the UKEF EDG financing secured in the financial year to 31st March 2022. The margins on these new facilities are impacted by the group’s ability to meet 
targets around the reduction in its scope 1 and 2 emissions.  
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023180
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
 
180 
20 Borrowings and related swaps  
 
Group 
2023 
£m 
2022  
£m  
Non-current  
Bank and other loans  
2.99% $165 million Bonds 2023 – (125) 
2.44% €20 million Bonds 2023 – (17) 
3.57% £65 million Bonds 2024 (65) (65) 
3.565% $50 million KfW loan 2024 (40) (38) 
3.14% $130 million Bonds 2025 (105) (99) 
1.40% €77 million Bonds 2025 (61) (64) 
2.54% £45 million Bonds 2025 (45) (45) 
3.79% $130 million Bonds 2025 (105) (99) 
3.97% $120 million Bonds 2027 (97) (90) 
SONIA + 1.25% UKEF EDG £ Facility 2028 (248) – 
EURIBOR + 1.20% UKEF EDG € Facility 2028 (157) – 
3.39% $180 million Bonds 2028 (144) (137) 
1.81% €90 million Bonds 2028 (69) (74) 
2.77% £35 million Bonds 2029 (35) – 
3.00% $50 million Bonds 2029 (40) – 
4.10% $30 million Bonds 2030 (24) (23) 
2.92% €25 million Bonds 2030 (22) (21) 
1.90% €225 million Bonds 2032 (198) – 
Cross currency interest rate swaps designated as net investment hedges (5) (2) 
Borrowings and related swaps (1,460) (899) 
Current  
€166 million EIB loan 2022 – (140) 
3.26% $150 million Bonds 2022  – (115) 
2.99% $165 million Bonds 2023 (133) – 
2.44% €20 million Bonds 2023 (18) – 
Other bank loans (4) (10) 
Borrowings and related swaps (155) (265) 
The 1.40% €77 million Bonds 2025 and the 1.81% €90 million Bonds 2028 have been swapped into floating rate euros. $100 million of the 3.14% $130 million Bonds 2025 have been swapped 
into sterling at 2.83% and the 3.00% $50 million Bonds 2029 have been swapped into euros at 1.71%. 
All borrowings bear interest at fixed rates with the exception of the UKEF EDG EUR and GBP facilities which bear interest at 6 Months EURIBOR plus 1.20% and SONIA plus 1.25% and bank 
overdrafts, which bear interest at commercial floating rates. 
During the year, the group drew down on the UKEF EDG financing secured in the financial year to 31st March 2022. The margins on these new facilities are impacted by the group’s ability to meet 
targets around the reduction in its scope 1 and 2 emissions.  
  
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
181 
21 Movements in assets and liabilities arising from financing activities 
 
  Non-cash movements  
2022*
£m 
Cash (inflow) / 
outflow 
£m 
Transfers
£m 
Transfers to held 
for sale
£m 
Foreign exchange 
movements
£m 
Fair value and 
other movements
£m 
2023 
£m 
Non-current assets   
Interest rate swaps* 12 (1) – – – 9 20 
Non-current liabilities   
Borrowings and related swaps (899) (672) 149 – (36) (2) (1,460) 
Interest rates swaps (2) 1 – – – (14) (15) 
Lease liabilities (40) – 11 9 – (11) (31) 
Current liabilities   
Borrowings and related swaps (265) 281 (149) – (21) (1) (155) 
Lease liabilities (10) 14 (11) 1 – (3) (9) 
Net movements in assets and liabilities arising from financing activities – (377) – 10 (57) (22)  
Dividends paid to equity shareholders – 141  
Interest paid – 94  
Purchase of treasury shares – 45  
Net cash inflow from financing activities – (97)  
 
 
2021
£m 
Cash outflow 
£m  
Non-cash movements 
2022 
£m*  
Transfers
£m 
Transfers to held 
for sale
£m 
Foreign exchange 
movements
£m 
Fair value and other 
movements
£m 
Non-current assets   
Interest rate swaps* 20 – (8) – – – 12 
Non-current liabilities   
Borrowings and related swaps (1,252) 114 254 – (26) 11 (899) 
Interest rates swaps – – 8 – – (10) (2) 
Lease liabilities (51) – 15 7 – (11) (40) 
Current liabilities   
Borrowings and related swaps (26) 17 (254) – (5) 3 (265) 
Lease liabilities (11) 14 (15) 2 – – (10) 
Net movements in assets and liabilities arising from financing activities – 145 – 9 (31) (7)  
Dividends paid to equity shareholders – 139  
Interest paid – 111  
Purchase of treasury shares – 155  
Net cash outflow from financing activities – 550  
* The prior year comparatives for interest rate swaps within non-current assets have been re-presented to group the balances together and simplify the balance sheet. The financial statement captions impacted are Interest rate swaps within Non-current assets which was previously £11 million (now 
£12 million) and Interest rate swaps within Current assets which was previously £1 million (now £nil). This re-presentation is not considered material.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 181
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
 
182 
22 Provisions 
Group 
 
Restructuring
provisions
£m 
Warranty and
technology
provisions
£m 
Other
provisions
£m 
Total
£m 
At 1st April 2021 42 8 12 62
Charge for the year 18 – 26 44
Utilised (15) (1) (1) (17)
Released – (2) – (2)
Transferred to liabilities classified as held for 
sale (3) – – (3)
At 31st March 2022 42 5 37 84
Charge for the year 25 10 8 43
Utilised (28) (1) (1) (30)
Released (1) (2) (3) (6)
At 31st March 2023 38 12 41 91
 
   
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Current 63 56
Non-current 28 28
Total provisions 91 84
Restructuring 
The restructuring provisions are part of the group’s efficiency initiatives (see note 6). 
Warranty and technology 
The warranty and technology provisions represent management’s best estimate of the group’s 
liability under warranties granted and remedial work required under technology licences 
based on past experience in Clean Air, Catalyst Technologies and Value Businesses. Warranties 
generally cover a period of up to three years. 
Other 
The other provisions include environmental and legal provisions arising across the group. 
Amounts provided reflect management's best estimate of the expenditure required to settle 
the obligations at the balance sheet date.  
23 Deferred tax 
Group 
 
Property,
plant and
equipment
£m 
Post-
employment
benefits
£m 
Provisions
£m 
Inventories
£m 
Intangibles
£m 
Other
£m 
Total 
deferred tax 
(assets) / 
liabilities 
£m  
At 1st April 2021 1 27 (48) (94) 2 – (112) 
(Credit) / charge to 
the income 
statement (39) 23 7 44 (3) (25) 7 
Tax on items taken 
directly to or 
transferred from 
equity – 35 – – – (8) 27 
Exchange 
adjustments 1 – (3) 1 (1) – (2) 
At 31st March 2022 (37) 85 (44) (49) (2) (33) (80) 
(Credit) / charge to 
the income 
statement (note 9) (7) 7 (15) 22 (8) (22) (23) 
Disposal of businesses 
(note 27)  5 – 4 1 (7) 7 10 
Transferred to assets 
classified as held for 
sale (note 26) 3 – – – – – 3 
Tax on items taken 
directly to or 
transferred from 
equity – (37) – – – 26 (11) 
Exchange 
adjustments (1) – – – – – (1) 
At 31st March 2023 (37) 55 (55) (26) (17) (22) (102) 
 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Deferred tax assets (121) (98) 
Deferred tax liabilities 19 18 
Net amount (102) (80) 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023182
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
 
182 
22 Provisions 
Group 
 
Restructuring
provisions
£m 
Warranty and
technology
provisions
£m 
Other
provisions
£m 
Total
£m 
At 1st April 2021 42 8 12 62
Charge for the year 18 – 26 44
Utilised (15) (1) (1) (17)
Released – (2) – (2)
Transferred to liabilities classified as held for 
sale (3) – – (3)
At 31st March 2022 42 5 37 84
Charge for the year 25 10 8 43
Utilised (28) (1) (1) (30)
Released (1) (2) (3) (6)
At 31st March 2023 38 12 41 91
 
   
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Current 63 56
Non-current 28 28
Total provisions 91 84
Restructuring 
The restructuring provisions are part of the group’s efficiency initiatives (see note 6). 
Warranty and technology 
The warranty and technology provisions represent management’s best estimate of the group’s 
liability under warranties granted and remedial work required under technology licences 
based on past experience in Clean Air, Catalyst Technologies and Value Businesses. Warranties 
generally cover a period of up to three years. 
Other 
The other provisions include environmental and legal provisions arising across the group. 
Amounts provided reflect management's best estimate of the expenditure required to settle 
the obligations at the balance sheet date.  
23 Deferred tax 
Group 
 
Property,
plant and
equipment
£m 
Post-
employment
benefits
£m 
Provisions
£m 
Inventories
£m 
Intangibles
£m 
Other
£m 
Total 
deferred tax 
(assets) / 
liabilities 
£m  
At 1st April 2021 1 27 (48) (94) 2 – (112) 
(Credit) / charge to 
the income 
statement (39) 23 7 44 (3) (25) 7 
Tax on items taken 
directly to or 
transferred from 
equity – 35 – – – (8) 27 
Exchange 
adjustments 1 – (3) 1 (1) – (2) 
At 31st March 2022 (37) 85 (44) (49) (2) (33) (80) 
(Credit) / charge to 
the income 
statement (note 9) (7) 7 (15) 22 (8) (22) (23) 
Disposal of businesses 
(note 27)  5 – 4 1 (7) 7 10 
Transferred to assets 
classified as held for 
sale (note 26) 3 – – – – – 3 
Tax on items taken 
directly to or 
transferred from 
equity – (37) – – – 26 (11) 
Exchange 
adjustments (1) – – – – – (1) 
At 31st March 2023 (37) 55 (55) (26) (17) (22) (102) 
 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Deferred tax assets (121) (98) 
Deferred tax liabilities 19 18 
Net amount (102) (80) 
  
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
183 
23 Deferred tax continued 
Deferred tax has not been recognised in respect of tax losses of £85 million (2022: £135 
million) and other temporary differences of £23 million (2022: £24 million). Of the total tax 
losses, £30 million (2022: £41 million) is expected to expire within 5 years, £30 million 
within 5 to 10 years (2022: £12 million), £nil after 10 years (2022: £38 million) and £25 
million carry no expiry (2022: £43 million). These deferred tax assets have not been 
recognised on the basis that their future economic benefit is not probable. 
In addition, the group’s overseas subsidiaries have net unremitted earnings of £933 million 
(2022: £820 million), resulting in temporary differences of £563 million (2022: £585 
million). No deferred tax has been provided in respect of these differences since the timing of 
the reversals can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not 
reverse in the foreseeable future. 
The recognition of deferred tax assets has been determined by the recoverability of those 
assets against future tax liabilities as determined by budgets and plans that are showing profits 
in relevant businesses. The majority of the deferred tax assets and liabilities noted above are 
anticipated to be realised after more than 12 months. 
24 Post-employment benefits 
Group 
Background 
Pension plans 
The group operates a number of post-employment retirement and medical benefit plans 
around the world. The retirement plans in the UK, US and other countries include both 
defined contribution and defined benefit plans. 
For defined contribution plans, retirement benefits are determined by the value of funds 
arising from contributions paid in respect of each employee and the investment returns on 
those contributions prior to retirement.  
For defined benefit plans, which include final salary, career average and other types of plans 
with committed pension payments, the retirement benefits are based on factors, such as the 
employee’s pensionable salary and length of service. The majority of the group’s final salary 
and career average defined benefit retirement plans are closed to new entrants but remain 
open to ongoing accrual for current members. 
Regulatory framework and governance 
The UK pension plan, the Johnson Matthey Employees’ Pension Scheme (JMEPS), is a 
registered arrangement established under trust law and, as such, is subject to UK pension, tax 
and trust legislation. It is managed by a corporate trustee, JMEPS Trustees Limited. The trustee 
board includes representatives appointed by both the parent company and employees and 
includes an independent chairman. 
Although the parent company bears the financial cost of the plan, the trustee directors are 
responsible for the overall management and governance of JMEPS, including compliance with 
all applicable legislation and regulations. The trustee directors are required by law to act in the 
interests of all relevant beneficiaries and: to set certain policies; to manage the day-to-day 
administration of the benefits; and to set the plan’s investment strategy following consultation 
with the parent company. 
UK pensions are regulated by the Pensions Regulator whose statutory objectives and 
regulatory powers are described on its website: www.thepensionsregulator.gov.uk 
The JMEPS Trustee Board considers how climate risk is integrated within investment processes 
when appointing, monitoring and withdrawing from investment managers using the 
investment consultant’s Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) ratings. The ESG ratings 
include consideration of climate risk management policies. On a periodic basis, JMEPS will 
review the ESG ratings assigned to the underlying investments based on the investment 
consultant’s ESG research. 
The US pension plans are qualified pension arrangements and are subject to the requirements 
of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Pension Protection Act 2006 and the 
Department of Labor and Internal Revenue. The plans are managed by a pension committee 
which acts as the fiduciary and, as such, is ultimately responsible for: the management of the 
plans’ investments; compliance with all applicable legislation and regulations; and overseeing 
the general management of the plans. 
Other trustee or fiduciary arrangements that have similar responsibilities and obligations are 
in place for the group’s other funded defined benefit pension plans outside of the UK and US. 
Benefits 
The UK defined benefit pension plan is segregated into two sections – a legacy section which 
provides final salary and career average pension benefits and a cash balance section.  
The legacy section provides benefits to members in the form of a set level of pension payable 
for life based on the member’s length of service and final pensionable salary at retirement or 
averaged over their career with the company. The majority of the benefits attract inflation-
related increases both before and after retirement. The final salary element of the legacy 
section was closed to future accrual of benefits from 1st April 2010 and the career average 
element of the legacy section was closed to new entrants on 1st October 2012, but remains 
open to future accrual for existing members. 
The cash balance section provides benefits to members at the point of retirement in the form 
of a cash lump sum. The benefits attract inflation-related increases before retirement but, 
following the payment of the retirement lump sum benefit, the plan has no obligation to pay 
any further benefits to the member. All new employees join the cash balance section of 
the plan. 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 183
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
184 
24 Post-employment benefits continued 
Group continued 
The group operates two defined benefit pension plans in the US. The hourly pension plan is for 
unionised employees and provides a fixed retirement benefit for life based upon years of 
service. The salaried pension plan provides retirement benefits for life based on the member’s 
length of service and final pensionable salary (averaged over the last five years). The salaried 
plan benefits attract inflation-related increases before leaving but are non-increasing 
thereafter. On retirement, members in either plan have the option to take the cash value of 
their benefit instead of a lifetime annuity in which case the plan has no obligation to pay any 
further benefits to the member. 
The US salaried pension plan was closed to new entrants on 1st September 2013, and the US 
hourly pension plan was closed to new entrants on 1st January 2019. The hourly pension plan 
remains open to future accrual for existing members but the salaried pension plan will be 
closed to future accrual from 1st July 2023 with plan participants transferring to a defined 
contribution plan. All new US employees now join a defined contribution plan. 
Other post-employment benefits 
The group’s principal post-employment medical plans are in the UK and US, and are unfunded 
arrangements that have been closed to new entrants for over ten years. 
Maturity profile 
The estimated weighted average durations of the defined benefit obligations of the main 
plans as at 31st March 2023 are: 
 
Weighted average 
duration
Years 
Pensions: 
UK 16
US 10
Post-retirement medical benefits: 
UK 9
US 9
Funding 
Introduction 
The group’s principal defined benefit retirement plans are funded through separate fiduciary 
or trustee administered funds that are independent of the sponsoring company. The 
contributions paid to these arrangements are jointly agreed by the sponsoring company and 
the relevant trustee or fiduciary body after each funding valuation and in consultation with 
independent qualified actuaries. The plans’ assets, together with the agreed funding 
contributions, should be sufficient to meet the plans’ future pension obligations. 
UK valuations 
UK legislation requires that pension plans are funded prudently and that, when undertaking a 
funding valuation (every three years), assets are taken at their market value and liabilities are 
determined based on a set of prudent assumptions set by the trustee following consultation 
with their appointed actuary. The assumptions used for funding valuations may, therefore, 
differ to the actuarial assumptions used for IAS 19, Employee Benefits, accounting purposes. 
In January 2013, a special purpose vehicle (SPV), Johnson Matthey (Scotland) Limited 
Partnership, was set up to provide deficit reduction contributions and greater security to the 
trustee. The group invested £50 million in a bond portfolio which is beneficially held by the 
SPV. The income generated by the SPV is used to make annual distributions of £3.5 million to 
JMEPS for a period of up to 25 years. These annual distributions are only payable if the legacy 
section of JMEPS continues to be in deficit, on a funding basis. This bond portfolio is held as a 
non-current investment at fair value through other comprehensive income and the group’s 
liability to pay the income to the plan is not a plan asset under IAS 19 although it is for 
actuarial funding valuation purposes. The SPV is exempt from the requirement to prepare 
audited annual accounts as it is included on a consolidated basis in these accounts.  
A funding valuation of JMEPS was carried out as at 1st April 2021 and showed that there was a 
deficit of £9 million in the legacy section of the plan, or a surplus of £24 million after taking 
account of the future additional deficit contributions from the SPV. The valuation also showed 
a deficit in the cash balance section of the plan of £1 million. The next triennial actuarial 
valuation of JMEPS will be carried out as at 1st April 2024 with the results known later in 
the year. 
In accordance with the governing documentation of JMEPS, any future plan surplus would be 
returned to the parent company by way of a refund assuming gradual settlement of the 
liabilities over the lifetime of the plan. As such, there are no adjustments required in respect of 
IFRIC 14, IAS 19 – The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset, Minimum Funding Requirements and 
their Interaction. 
US valuations 
The last annual review of the US defined benefit pension plans was carried out by a qualified 
actuary as at 1st July 2021 and showed that there was a surplus of $10 million on the projected 
funding basis.  
The assumptions used for funding valuations may differ to the actuarial assumptions used for 
IAS 19 accounting purposes. 
Other valuations 
Similar funding valuations are undertaken on the group’s other defined benefit pension plans 
outside of the UK and US in accordance with prevailing local legislation. 
 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023184
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
184 
24 Post-employment benefits continued 
Group continued 
The group operates two defined benefit pension plans in the US. The hourly pension plan is for 
unionised employees and provides a fixed retirement benefit for life based upon years of 
service. The salaried pension plan provides retirement benefits for life based on the member’s 
length of service and final pensionable salary (averaged over the last five years). The salaried 
plan benefits attract inflation-related increases before leaving but are non-increasing 
thereafter. On retirement, members in either plan have the option to take the cash value of 
their benefit instead of a lifetime annuity in which case the plan has no obligation to pay any 
further benefits to the member. 
The US salaried pension plan was closed to new entrants on 1st September 2013, and the US 
hourly pension plan was closed to new entrants on 1st January 2019. The hourly pension plan 
remains open to future accrual for existing members but the salaried pension plan will be 
closed to future accrual from 1st July 2023 with plan participants transferring to a defined 
contribution plan. All new US employees now join a defined contribution plan. 
Other post-employment benefits 
The group’s principal post-employment medical plans are in the UK and US, and are unfunded 
arrangements that have been closed to new entrants for over ten years. 
Maturity profile 
The estimated weighted average durations of the defined benefit obligations of the main 
plans as at 31st March 2023 are: 
 
Weighted average 
duration
Years 
Pensions: 
UK 16
US 10
Post-retirement medical benefits: 
UK 9
US 9
Funding 
Introduction 
The group’s principal defined benefit retirement plans are funded through separate fiduciary 
or trustee administered funds that are independent of the sponsoring company. The 
contributions paid to these arrangements are jointly agreed by the sponsoring company and 
the relevant trustee or fiduciary body after each funding valuation and in consultation with 
independent qualified actuaries. The plans’ assets, together with the agreed funding 
contributions, should be sufficient to meet the plans’ future pension obligations. 
UK valuations 
UK legislation requires that pension plans are funded prudently and that, when undertaking a 
funding valuation (every three years), assets are taken at their market value and liabilities are 
determined based on a set of prudent assumptions set by the trustee following consultation 
with their appointed actuary. The assumptions used for funding valuations may, therefore, 
differ to the actuarial assumptions used for IAS 19, Employee Benefits, accounting purposes. 
In January 2013, a special purpose vehicle (SPV), Johnson Matthey (Scotland) Limited 
Partnership, was set up to provide deficit reduction contributions and greater security to the 
trustee. The group invested £50 million in a bond portfolio which is beneficially held by the 
SPV. The income generated by the SPV is used to make annual distributions of £3.5 million to 
JMEPS for a period of up to 25 years. These annual distributions are only payable if the legacy 
section of JMEPS continues to be in deficit, on a funding basis. This bond portfolio is held as a 
non-current investment at fair value through other comprehensive income and the group’s 
liability to pay the income to the plan is not a plan asset under IAS 19 although it is for 
actuarial funding valuation purposes. The SPV is exempt from the requirement to prepare 
audited annual accounts as it is included on a consolidated basis in these accounts.  
A funding valuation of JMEPS was carried out as at 1st April 2021 and showed that there was a 
deficit of £9 million in the legacy section of the plan, or a surplus of £24 million after taking 
account of the future additional deficit contributions from the SPV. The valuation also showed 
a deficit in the cash balance section of the plan of £1 million. The next triennial actuarial 
valuation of JMEPS will be carried out as at 1st April 2024 with the results known later in 
the year. 
In accordance with the governing documentation of JMEPS, any future plan surplus would be 
returned to the parent company by way of a refund assuming gradual settlement of the 
liabilities over the lifetime of the plan. As such, there are no adjustments required in respect of 
IFRIC 14, IAS 19 – The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset, Minimum Funding Requirements and 
their Interaction. 
US valuations 
The last annual review of the US defined benefit pension plans was carried out by a qualified 
actuary as at 1st July 2021 and showed that there was a surplus of $10 million on the projected 
funding basis.  
The assumptions used for funding valuations may differ to the actuarial assumptions used for 
IAS 19 accounting purposes. 
Other valuations 
Similar funding valuations are undertaken on the group’s other defined benefit pension plans 
outside of the UK and US in accordance with prevailing local legislation. 
 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
 
185 
24 Post-employment benefits continued 
Group continued 
Risk management 
The group is exposed to a number of risks relating to its post-retirement pension plans, the most significant of which are: 
Risk Mitigation 
Market (investment) risk  
Asset returns may not move in line with the liabilities and may be subject to volatility. The group’s various plans have highly diversified investment portfolios, investing in a wide range of assets 
that provide reasonable assurance that no single security or type of security could have a material adverse 
impact on the plan. 
A de-risking strategy is in place to reduce volatility in the plans as a result of the mismatch between the assets 
and liabilities. As the funding level of the plans improve and hit pre-agreed triggers, plan investments are 
switched from return-seeking assets to liability-matching assets.  
The plans implement partial currency hedging on their overseas assets to mitigate currency risk. 
Interest (discount) rate risk  
Liabilities are sensitive to movements in bond yields (interest rates), with lower 
interest rates leading to an increase in the valuation of liabilities, albeit the impact 
on the plan’s funding level will be partially offset by an increase in the value of its 
bond holdings. 
The group’s defined benefit plans hold a high proportion of their assets in government or corporate bonds, 
which provide a natural hedge against falling interest rates. 
In the UK, this interest rate hedge is extended by the use of interest rate swaps, such that the plan is 100% 
hedged on the plan’s funding basis. The swaps are held with several banks to reduce counterparty risk. 
Inflation risk  
Liabilities are sensitive to movements in inflation, with higher inflation leading to an 
increase in the valuation of liabilities. 
Where plan benefits provide inflation-related increases, the plan holds some inflation-linked assets which 
provide a natural hedge against higher than expected inflation increases. 
In the UK, this inflation hedge is extended by the use of inflation swaps, such that the plan is 100% hedged 
on the plan’s funding basis. The swaps are held with several banks to reduce counterparty risk. 
Longevity risk  
The majority of the group’s defined benefit plans provide benefits for the life of the 
member, so the liabilities are sensitive to life expectancy, with increases in life 
expectancy leading to an increase in the valuation of liabilities. 
The group has closed most of its defined benefit pension plans to new entrants, replacing them with either a 
cash balance plan or defined contribution plans, both of which are unaffected by life expectancy.  
For the plans where a benefit for life continues to be payable, prudent mortality assumptions are used that 
appropriately allow for a future improvement in life expectancy. These assumptions are reviewed on a 
regular basis. 
Liquidity risk  
The pension plan may have insufficient access to cash to meet its short-term cash and 
collateral obligations, such that adverse scenarios could force the sale of a less-liquid 
assets at depressed prices. 
The group’s defined benefit plans hold sufficient liquid assets to meet its cashflow obligations and the 
collateral requirements of its inflation and interest rate hedging. This reduces the risk of being a forced seller 
of less-liquid assets. 
 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 185
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
186 
24 Post-employment benefits continued 
Group continued 
Contributions 
During the year, total contributions to the group’s post-employment defined benefit plans were £40 million (2022: £43 million). It is estimated that the group will contribute approximately £36 
million to the post-employment defined benefit plans during the year ending 31st March 2024. 
IAS 19 accounting 
Principal actuarial assumptions 
Qualified independent actuaries have updated the IAS 19 valuations of the group’s major defined benefit plans to 31st March 2023. The assumptions used are chosen from a range of possible 
actuarial assumptions which, due to the long-term nature of the plans, may not necessarily be borne out in practice. 
Financial assumptions 
 
2023
UK plan
% 
2023 
US plans 
% 
2023
Other plans
% 
2022
UK plan
% 
2022
US plans
% 
2022 
Other plans 
% 
First year's rate of increase in salaries 4.40 4.50 3.97 3.85 3.00 2.20 
Ultimate rate of increase in salaries 3.40 4.50 2.20 3.85 3.00 2.20 
Rate of increase in pensions in payment 2.90 – 2.80 3.20 – 2.11 
Discount rate 4.80 4.90 4.40 2.80 3.70 2.13 
Inflation – 2.50 3.90 – 2.20 2.15 
• UK Retail Prices Index (RPI) 3.10 – – 3.60 – – 
• UK Consumer Prices Index (CPI) 2.65 – – 3.10 – – 
Current medical benefits cost trend rate 12.50 – – 5.40 – – 
Ultimate medical benefits cost trend rate 5.40 – – 5.40 – – 
Demographic assumptions 
The mortality assumptions are based on country-specific mortality tables and, where appropriate, include an allowance for future improvements in life expectancy. In addition, where credible data 
exists, actual plan experience is taken into account. The group’s most substantial pension liabilities are in the UK and the US where, using the mortality tables adopted, the expected lifetime of 
average members currently at age 65 and average members at age 65 in 25 years’ time (i.e. members who are currently aged 40 years) is respectively: 
 
Currently age 65 Age 65 in 25 years 
UK plan US plans UK plan US plans 
Male 88 86 89 88 
Female 90 88 92 89 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023186
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
186 
24 Post-employment benefits continued 
Group continued 
Contributions 
During the year, total contributions to the group’s post-employment defined benefit plans were £40 million (2022: £43 million). It is estimated that the group will contribute approximately £36 
million to the post-employment defined benefit plans during the year ending 31st March 2024. 
IAS 19 accounting 
Principal actuarial assumptions 
Qualified independent actuaries have updated the IAS 19 valuations of the group’s major defined benefit plans to 31st March 2023. The assumptions used are chosen from a range of possible 
actuarial assumptions which, due to the long-term nature of the plans, may not necessarily be borne out in practice. 
Financial assumptions 
 
2023
UK plan
% 
2023 
US plans 
% 
2023
Other plans
% 
2022
UK plan
% 
2022
US plans
% 
2022 
Other plans 
% 
First year's rate of increase in salaries 4.40 4.50 3.97 3.85 3.00 2.20 
Ultimate rate of increase in salaries 3.40 4.50 2.20 3.85 3.00 2.20 
Rate of increase in pensions in payment 2.90 – 2.80 3.20 – 2.11 
Discount rate 4.80 4.90 4.40 2.80 3.70 2.13 
Inflation – 2.50 3.90 – 2.20 2.15 
• UK Retail Prices Index (RPI) 3.10 – – 3.60 – – 
• UK Consumer Prices Index (CPI) 2.65 – – 3.10 – – 
Current medical benefits cost trend rate 12.50 – – 5.40 – – 
Ultimate medical benefits cost trend rate 5.40 – – 5.40 – – 
Demographic assumptions 
The mortality assumptions are based on country-specific mortality tables and, where appropriate, include an allowance for future improvements in life expectancy. In addition, where credible data 
exists, actual plan experience is taken into account. The group’s most substantial pension liabilities are in the UK and the US where, using the mortality tables adopted, the expected lifetime of 
average members currently at age 65 and average members at age 65 in 25 years’ time (i.e. members who are currently aged 40 years) is respectively: 
 
Currently age 65 Age 65 in 25 years 
UK plan US plans UK plan US plans 
Male 88 86 89 88 
Female 90 88 92 89 
  
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
187 
24 Post-employment benefits continued 
Group continued 
Financial information 
Plan assets 
Movements in the fair value of plan assets during the year were: 
 
UK pension -
legacy section
£m 
UK pension - 
cash balance 
section 
£m 
UK post-
retirement
medical
benefits
£m 
US
pensions
£m 
US post-
retirement
medical
benefits
£m 
Other
£m 
Total 
£m 
At 1st April 2021 2,142 128 – 320 – 56 2,646 
Administrative expenses (2) – – (1) – – (3) 
Interest income 44 3 – 10 – 1 58 
Return on plan assets excluding interest 27 (2) – (15) – (1) 9 
Employee contributions 37  –11– 1 2 
Company contributions 9 2 2 –911 4 2 
Benefits paid (63) (2) – (27) (2) (3) (97) 
Disposal of business – – – – – (46) (46) 
Exchange adjustments – – – 13 – – 13 
At 31st March 2022 2,160 156 – 310 – 8 2,634 
Administrative expenses (4) – – (1) – – (5) 
Interest income 65 6 – 12 – – 83 
Return on plan assets excluding interest (698) (29) – (57) – (1) (785) 
Employee contributions 3 7 – – – – 10 
Company contributions 8 21 1 7 1 2 40 
Benefits paid (62) (2) (1) (42) (1) (1) (109) 
Exchange adjustments – – – 21 – – 21 
At 31st March 2023 1,472 159 – 250 – 8 1,889 
 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 187
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
188 
24 Post-employment benefits continued 
Group continued 
Financial information continued 
Plan assets continued 
The fair values of plan assets are analysed as follows: 
 2023  2022  
 
UK pension-
legacy section
£m 
UK
pension -
cash balance
section
£m 
US pensions 
£m 
Other
£m 
UK
pension-
legacy section
£m 
UK
pension -
cash balance
section
£m 
US
 pensions
£m 
Other 
£m 
Quoted corporate bonds 382 56 191 – 924 93 227 5 
Inflation and interest rate swaps 5 1 – – 3–––  
Quoted government bonds 563 41 42 1 452 – 61 – 
Cash and cash equivalents 46 5 2 – 289 6 4 1 
Quoted equity 212 56 15 1 340 57 18 1 
Unquoted equity 51 – – – 74 – – – 
Property 58 – – – 73 – – – 
Insurance policies – – – 6 –––1  
Other 155 – – – 5–––  
Plan assets 1,472 159 250 8 2,160 156 310 8 
The UK plan’s unquoted equities are assets within a pooled infrastructure fund where the underlying assets are a broad range of private infrastructure investments, diversified by geographic region, 
infrastructure sector, underlying asset type and development stage. These infrastructure assets are valued using widely recognised valuation techniques which use market data and discounted cash 
flows. The same valuation approach is used to determine the value of the swaps and insurance policies. 
The UK plan’s property represents an investment in the Blackrock UK Property Fund, which is a unitised fund where the underlying assets are taken at market value. The valuation of the fund is 
independently audited by KPMG on an annual basis.  
The defined benefit pension plans do not invest directly in Johnson Matthey Plc shares and no property or other assets owned by the pension plans are used by the group. 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023188
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
188 
24 Post-employment benefits continued 
Group continued 
Financial information continued 
Plan assets continued 
The fair values of plan assets are analysed as follows: 
 2023  2022  
 
UK pension-
legacy section
£m 
UK
pension -
cash balance
section
£m 
US pensions 
£m 
Other
£m 
UK
pension-
legacy section
£m 
UK
pension -
cash balance
section
£m 
US
 pensions
£m 
Other 
£m 
Quoted corporate bonds 382 56 191 – 924 93 227 5 
Inflation and interest rate swaps 5 1 – – 3–––  
Quoted government bonds 563 41 42 1 452 – 61 – 
Cash and cash equivalents 46 5 2 – 289 6 4 1 
Quoted equity 212 56 15 1 340 57 18 1 
Unquoted equity 51 – – – 74 – – – 
Property 58 – – – 73 – – – 
Insurance policies – – – 6 –––1  
Other 155 – – – 5–––  
Plan assets 1,472 159 250 8 2,160 156 310 8 
The UK plan’s unquoted equities are assets within a pooled infrastructure fund where the underlying assets are a broad range of private infrastructure investments, diversified by geographic region, 
infrastructure sector, underlying asset type and development stage. These infrastructure assets are valued using widely recognised valuation techniques which use market data and discounted cash 
flows. The same valuation approach is used to determine the value of the swaps and insurance policies. 
The UK plan’s property represents an investment in the Blackrock UK Property Fund, which is a unitised fund where the underlying assets are taken at market value. The valuation of the fund is 
independently audited by KPMG on an annual basis.  
The defined benefit pension plans do not invest directly in Johnson Matthey Plc shares and no property or other assets owned by the pension plans are used by the group. 
  
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
189 
24 Post-employment benefits continued 
Group continued 
Financial information continued 
Defined benefit obligation 
 Movements in the defined benefit obligation during the year were: 
 
UK pension-
legacy section
£m 
UK pension - 
cash balance 
section 
£m 
UK post-
retirement
medical
benefits
£m 
US
pensions
£m 
US post-
retirement
medical
benefits
£m 
Other
£m 
Total 
£m 
At 1st April 2021 (1,956) (134) (8) (340) (31) (83) (2,552) 
Current service cost (8) (26) – (9) (1) (1) (45) 
Past service credit – – – – 11 – 11 
Interest cost (40) (4) – (10) (1) (1) (56) 
Employee contributions (3) (7) – (1) (1) – (12) 
Remeasurements due to changes in:   
Financial assumptions 196 11 – 35 2 2 246 
Demographic assumptions – – (1) 1 6 (1) 5 
Experience adjustments (61) (16) – – – – (77) 
Benefits paid 63 2 – 27 2 3 97 
Disposal of business – – – – – 46 46 
Exchange adjustments – – – (15) – – (15) 
At 31st March 2022 (1,809) (174) (9) (312) (13) (35) (2,352) 
Current service cost (4) (21) – (5) – (1) (31) 
Past service (cost) / credit (2) – – 22 – – 20 
Interest cost (56) (5) – (12) (1) (1) (75) 
Employee contributions (3) (7) – – – – (10) 
Remeasurements due to changes in:   
Financial assumptions 577 77 1 52 1 7 715 
Demographic assumptions 2 – – – – – 2 
Experience adjustments (70) (4) – (9) 2 – (81) 
Benefits paid 62 2 1 42 1 1 109 
Disposal of business – – – – – 3 3 
Exchange adjustments – – – (22) – (3) (25) 
At 31st March 2023 (1,303) (132) (7) (244) (10) (29) (1,725) 
 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 189
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
190 
24 Post-employment benefits continued 
Reimbursement rights 
A government subsidy is receivable under the US Medicare legislation as the US post-retirement medical benefits plan is actuarially equivalent to the Medicare Prescription Drug Act and there is an 
insurance policy taken out to reinsure the pension commitments of one of the small pension plans which does not meet the definition of a qualifying insurance policy. These are accounted for as 
reimbursement rights and are shown on the balance sheet in post-employment benefit net assets. 
Movements in the reimbursement rights during the year were: 
 
US post-
retirement
medical
benefits
£m 
Other
£m 
Total 
£m  
At 1st April 2021 6–6  
Return on assets excluding interest (6) – (6) 
Exchange adjustments –11  
At 31st March 2022 and 31st March 2023 – 1 1 
Net post-employment benefit assets and liabilities 
The net post-employment benefit assets and liabilities are: 
 
UK pension-
legacy section
£m 
UK pension - 
cash balance 
section 
£m 
UK post-
retirement
medical
benefits
£m 
US
pensions
£m 
US post-
retirement
medical
benefits
£m 
Other
£m 
Total 
£m 
At 31st March 2023   
Defined benefit obligation (1,303) (132) (7) (244) (10) (29) (1,725) 
Fair value of plan assets 1,472 159 – 250 – 8 1,889 
Reimbursement rights – – – – – 1 1 
Net post-employment benefit assets and liabilities 169 27 (7) 6 (10) (20) 165 
   
At 31st March 2022   
Defined benefit obligation (1,809) (174) (9) (312) (13) (35) (2,352) 
Fair value of plan assets 2,160 156 – 310 – 8 2,634 
Reimbursement rights ––  –––11  
Net post-employment benefit assets and liabilities 351 (18) (9) (2) (13) (26) 283 
 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023190
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
190 
24 Post-employment benefits continued 
Reimbursement rights 
A government subsidy is receivable under the US Medicare legislation as the US post-retirement medical benefits plan is actuarially equivalent to the Medicare Prescription Drug Act and there is an 
insurance policy taken out to reinsure the pension commitments of one of the small pension plans which does not meet the definition of a qualifying insurance policy. These are accounted for as 
reimbursement rights and are shown on the balance sheet in post-employment benefit net assets. 
Movements in the reimbursement rights during the year were: 
 
US post-
retirement
medical
benefits
£m 
Other
£m 
Total 
£m  
At 1st April 2021 6–6  
Return on assets excluding interest (6) – (6) 
Exchange adjustments –11  
At 31st March 2022 and 31st March 2023 – 1 1 
Net post-employment benefit assets and liabilities 
The net post-employment benefit assets and liabilities are: 
 
UK pension-
legacy section
£m 
UK pension - 
cash balance 
section 
£m 
UK post-
retirement
medical
benefits
£m 
US
pensions
£m 
US post-
retirement
medical
benefits
£m 
Other
£m 
Total 
£m 
At 31st March 2023   
Defined benefit obligation (1,303) (132) (7) (244) (10) (29) (1,725) 
Fair value of plan assets 1,472 159 – 250 – 8 1,889 
Reimbursement rights – – – – – 1 1 
Net post-employment benefit assets and liabilities 169 27 (7) 6 (10) (20) 165 
   
At 31st March 2022   
Defined benefit obligation (1,809) (174) (9) (312) (13) (35) (2,352) 
Fair value of plan assets 2,160 156 – 310 – 8 2,634 
Reimbursement rights ––  –––11  
Net post-employment benefit assets and liabilities 351 (18) (9) (2) (13) (26) 283 
 
  
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
191 
24 Post-employment benefits continued 
Group continued  
Financial information continued  
Net post-employment benefit assets and liabilities continued 
These are included in the balance sheet as follows: 
 
2023 
Post- 
employment 
benefit 
net assets 
£m 
2023 
Employee
benefit
net
obligations
£m 
2023
Total
£m 
2022
Post-
employment
benefit
net assets
£m 
2022 
Employee
benefit
net
obligations
£m 
2022 
Total 
£m 
UK pension - legacy section 169 – 169 351 – 351 
UK pension - cash balance section 27 – 27 – (18) (18) 
UK post-retirement medical benefits – (7) (7) – (9) (9) 
US pensions 6 – 6 – (2) (2) 
US post-retirement medical benefits – (10) (10) – (13) (13) 
Other 1 (21) (20) 1 (27) (26) 
Total post-employment plans 203 (38) 165 352 (69) 283 
Other long-term employee benefits  (3) (3)  
Total long-term employee benefit obligations  (41) (72)  
Income statement 
Amounts recognised in the income statement for long term employment benefits were: 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Administrative expenses (5) (3) 
Current service cost (31) (45) 
Past service credit 20 11 
Defined benefit post-employment costs charged to operating profit (16) (37) 
Defined contribution plans’ expense (24) (24) 
Other long term employee benefits – (1) 
Charge to operating profit (40) (62) 
Interest on post-employment benefits charged to finance income 8 2 
Charge to profit before tax (32) (60) 
 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 191
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
192 
24 Post-employment benefits continued 
Group continued  
Financial information continued  
Statement of total comprehensive income 
Amounts recognised in the statement of total comprehensive income for long term employment benefits were: 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
Return on plan assets excluding interest (785) 9 
Remeasurements due to changes in:  
Financial assumptions 715 246 
Experience adjustments (81) (77) 
Demographic assumptions 2 5 
Reimbursement rights - return on assets excluding interest – (6) 
Remeasurements of post-employment benefit assets and liabilities (149) 177 
Sensitivity analysis 
The calculations of the defined benefit obligations are sensitive to the assumptions used. The following summarises the estimated impact on the group’s main plans of a change in the assumption 
while holding all other assumptions constant. This sensitivity analysis may not be representative of the actual change as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one 
another. 
Financial assumptions 
A 0.1% change in the discount rate and inflation assumptions would (increase) / decrease the UK and US pension plans’ defined benefit obligations at 31st March 2023 as follows: 
 
0.1% increase 0.1% decrease 
UK plan
£m 
US plans
£m 
UK plan
£m 
US plans 
£m 
Effect of discount rate 22 2 (20) (2) 
Effect of inflation (19) – 21 – 
Demographic assumptions 
A one-year increase in life expectancy would increase the UK and US pension plans' defined benefit obligation by £36 million and £5 million, respectively.  
25 Share capital and other reserves 
Share capital 
 Number £m 
Issued and fully paid ordinary shares  
At 1st April 2021 198,940,606 221 
Share buyback (3,078,841) (3) 
At 31st March 2022 195,861,765 218 
Share buyback (2,271,920) (3) 
At 31st March 2023 193,589,845 215 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023192
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
192 
24 Post-employment benefits continued 
Group continued  
Financial information continued  
Statement of total comprehensive income 
Amounts recognised in the statement of total comprehensive income for long term employment benefits were: 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
Return on plan assets excluding interest (785) 9 
Remeasurements due to changes in:  
Financial assumptions 715 246 
Experience adjustments (81) (77) 
Demographic assumptions 2 5 
Reimbursement rights - return on assets excluding interest – (6) 
Remeasurements of post-employment benefit assets and liabilities (149) 177 
Sensitivity analysis 
The calculations of the defined benefit obligations are sensitive to the assumptions used. The following summarises the estimated impact on the group’s main plans of a change in the assumption 
while holding all other assumptions constant. This sensitivity analysis may not be representative of the actual change as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one 
another. 
Financial assumptions 
A 0.1% change in the discount rate and inflation assumptions would (increase) / decrease the UK and US pension plans’ defined benefit obligations at 31st March 2023 as follows: 
 
0.1% increase 0.1% decrease 
UK plan
£m 
US plans
£m 
UK plan
£m 
US plans 
£m 
Effect of discount rate 22 2 (20) (2) 
Effect of inflation (19) – 21 – 
Demographic assumptions 
A one-year increase in life expectancy would increase the UK and US pension plans' defined benefit obligation by £36 million and £5 million, respectively.  
25 Share capital and other reserves 
Share capital 
 Number £m 
Issued and fully paid ordinary shares  
At 1st April 2021 198,940,606 221 
Share buyback (3,078,841) (3) 
At 31st March 2022 195,861,765 218 
Share buyback (2,271,920) (3) 
At 31st March 2023 193,589,845 215 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
193 
25 Share capital and other reserves 
Share capital continued  
Details of outstanding allocations under the company’s long term incentive plans and awards under the deferred bonus which have yet to mature are disclosed in note 30. 
On 13th May 2022, the company completed its £200 million share buyback programme which commenced on 21st December 2021. During the year the company purchased 2,271,920 shares at a 
cost of £45 million. This £45 million was recognised within trade and other payables as at 31st March 2022. The total number of treasury shares held was 10,136,428 (2022: 10,467,585) at a total 
cost of £186 million (2022: £192 million). 
The group and parent company’s employee share ownership trust (ESOT) also buys shares on the open market and holds them in trust for employees participating in the group’s executive long term 
incentive plans. At 31st March 2023, the ESOT held 570,053 shares (2022: 737,566 shares) which had not yet vested unconditionally to employees. Computershare Trustees (CI) Limited, as trustee 
for the ESOT, has waived its dividend entitlement. 
Dividends 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
2020/21 final ordinary dividend paid – 50.00 pence per share – 96 
2021/22 interim ordinary dividend paid – 22.00 pence per share – 43 
2021/22 final ordinary dividend paid – 55.00 pence per share 100 – 
2022/23 interim ordinary dividend paid –22.00 pence per share 41 – 
Total dividends 141 139 
A final dividend of 55.0 pence per ordinary share has been proposed by the board which will be paid on 1st August 2023 to shareholders on the register at the close of business on 8th June 2023, 
subject to shareholders’ approval. The estimated amount to be paid is £101 million and has not been recognised in these accounts. 
The board is responsible for the group’s capital management including the approval of dividends. This includes an assessment of both the level of reserves legally available for distribution and 
consideration as to whether Johnson Matthey Plc would be solvent and maintain sufficient liquidity following any proposed distribution. The board has assessed the level of distributable profits as at 
31st March 2023 and is satisfied that they are sufficient to support the proposed dividend. 
Other reserves 
Capital redemption reserve, The capital redemption reserve represents the cumulative nominal value of the company’s ordinary shares repurchased and subsequently cancelled. 
Foreign currency translation reserve, The foreign currency translation reserve comprises all foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of 
foreign operations.  
Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve, The fair value through other comprehensive income reserve represents the equity movements on financial assets held within 
this category. 
Hedging reserve, The hedging reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of cash flow hedging instruments.  
The Foreign currency translation reserve includes £12 million (2023: £3 million) in relation to continuing hedge relationships and £3 million (2022: £3 million) in relation to discontinued hedge 
relationships. All cash flow hedge reserves balances relate to continuing hedge relationships. 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 193
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
194 
25 Share capital and other reserves continued 
Group 
 
Capital
redemption
reserve
£m 
Foreign 
currency 
translation  
reserve  
£m 
Fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income reserve
£m 
Hedging reserve 
Total 
other 
reserves 
£m 
Forward 
currency
contracts
£m 
Cross
currency
contracts
£m 
Forward 
metal
 contracts
£m 
At 1st April 2021 7 (11) 5 7 – (8) – 
Cash flow hedges – (losses) / gains taken to equity – – – (14) 3 (31) (42) 
Cash flow hedges – transferred to revenue (income statement) ––  –2––2  
Cash flow hedges – transferred to foreign exchange (income statement) – – – – (3) – (3) 
Cash flow hedges – transferred to inventory (balance sheet) – –  –––7 7  
Fair value losses on net investment hedges taken to equity – ( 2) –––– ( 2) 
Fair value losses on investments at fair value through other comprehensive income – – (5) – – – (5) 
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations taken to equity – 8 0 –––– 8 0 
Cancelled ordinary shares from share buyback 3–  ––––3  
Tax on above items taken directly to or transferred from equity –2  –––8 1 0 
At 31st March 2022 10 69 – (5) – (24) 50 
Cash flow hedges – (losses) / gains taken to equity – – – (10) 9 72 71 
Cash flow hedges – transferred to revenue (income statement) – – – 6 – 38 44 
Cash flow hedges – transferred to cost of sales (income statement) – – – 6 – – 6 
Cash flow hedges – transferred to foreign exchange (income statement) – – – – (7) – (7) 
Fair value losses on net investment hedges taken to equity – (10) – – – – (10) 
Fair value losses on investments at fair value through other comprehensive income – – (12) – – – (12) 
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations taken to equity – 1 – – – – 1 
Cancelled ordinary shares from share buyback 3 – – – – – 3 
Tax on above items taken directly to or transferred from equity – – – (1) (1) (26) (28) 
At 31st March 2023 13 60 (12) (4) 1 60 118 
Capital 
The group's policy for managing capital is to maintain an efficient balance sheet to ensure that the group always has sufficient resources to be able to invest in future growth. The group uses Return 
on Invested Capital to provide a measure of its efficiency in allocating the capital under its control to profitable investments (see note 34). Capital employed is defined as total equity, excluding post 
tax pension net assets, plus net debt. During the year, the group complied with all externally imposed capital requirements to which it is subject. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023194
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
194 
25 Share capital and other reserves continued 
Group 
 
Capital
redemption
reserve
£m 
Foreign 
currency 
translation  
reserve  
£m 
Fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income reserve
£m 
Hedging reserve 
Total 
other 
reserves 
£m 
Forward 
currency
contracts
£m 
Cross
currency
contracts
£m 
Forward 
metal
 contracts
£m 
At 1st April 2021 7 (11) 5 7 – (8) – 
Cash flow hedges – (losses) / gains taken to equity – – – (14) 3 (31) (42) 
Cash flow hedges – transferred to revenue (income statement) ––  –2––2  
Cash flow hedges – transferred to foreign exchange (income statement) – – – – (3) – (3) 
Cash flow hedges – transferred to inventory (balance sheet) – –  –––7 7  
Fair value losses on net investment hedges taken to equity – ( 2) –––– ( 2) 
Fair value losses on investments at fair value through other comprehensive income – – (5) – – – (5) 
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations taken to equity – 8 0 –––– 8 0 
Cancelled ordinary shares from share buyback 3–  ––––3  
Tax on above items taken directly to or transferred from equity –2  –––8 1 0 
At 31st March 2022 10 69 – (5) – (24) 50 
Cash flow hedges – (losses) / gains taken to equity – – – (10) 9 72 71 
Cash flow hedges – transferred to revenue (income statement) – – – 6 – 38 44 
Cash flow hedges – transferred to cost of sales (income statement) – – – 6 – – 6 
Cash flow hedges – transferred to foreign exchange (income statement) – – – – (7) – (7) 
Fair value losses on net investment hedges taken to equity – (10) – – – – (10) 
Fair value losses on investments at fair value through other comprehensive income – – (12) – – – (12) 
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations taken to equity – 1 – – – – 1 
Cancelled ordinary shares from share buyback 3 – – – – – 3 
Tax on above items taken directly to or transferred from equity – – – (1) (1) (26) (28) 
At 31st March 2023 13 60 (12) (4) 1 60 118 
Capital 
The group's policy for managing capital is to maintain an efficient balance sheet to ensure that the group always has sufficient resources to be able to invest in future growth. The group uses Return 
on Invested Capital to provide a measure of its efficiency in allocating the capital under its control to profitable investments (see note 34). Capital employed is defined as total equity, excluding post 
tax pension net assets, plus net debt. During the year, the group complied with all externally imposed capital requirements to which it is subject. 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
 
195 
26 Discontinued operations and assets and liabilities classified as 
held for sale 
The group strategically drives for efficiency and disciplined capital allocation to enhance 
returns, as such we continue to actively manage our portfolio. In line with this strategy and to 
focus on our core businesses, during the period we completed the sale of our Health, Battery 
Materials UK, Battery Materials Canada and Piezo Products businesses. Refer to note 27 for 
further information on these disposals.  
The Health segment is classified as a discontinued operation and presented separately in the 
consolidated income statement. The Health segment was classified as held for sale and a 
discontinued operation for the year to 31st March 2022.  
Financial information relating to the Health discontinued operations for the period to disposal 
date (1st June 2022) is set out below. The 30% equity interest in the business is equity 
accounted as an investment in associate, see note 15. 
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Revenue 35 164
Expenses (41) (161)
Underlying operating (loss) / profit from discontinued operations (6) 3
Major impairment and restructuring costs from discontinued operations – (242)
Loss before tax from discontinued operations (6) (239)
Tax credit 2 22
Loss after tax from discontinued operations (4) (217)
Profit on disposal of discontinued operations after tax (see note 27)* 16 –
Profit / (loss) from discontinued operations 12 (217)
Exchange differences on translation of discontinued operations (32) 5
Other comprehensive (expense) / income from discontinued operations (32) 5
Total comprehensive expense from discontinued operations (20) (212)
Net cash inflow from operating activities 13 33
Net cash outflow from investing activities (5) (30)
Net cash outflow from financing activities – (6)
Net increase / (decrease) in cash generated by the discontinued 
operations 8 (3)
 
 pence pence 
Earnings / (loss) per ordinary share from discontinued operations  
Basic earnings / (loss) per ordinary share from discontinued operations 6.7 (113.5)
Diluted earnings / (loss) per ordinary share from discontinued operations 6.6 (113.5)
* The profit on disposal of discontinued operations after tax includes a tax credit of £5 million. 
The group decided to sell its Battery Materials Germany and Poland business. As at 31st March 
2023, the fair value of the proceeds less costs to sell for the Battery Materials business was 
estimated to be £15 million. The business is classified as a disposal group held for sale. 
Additionally, in May 2023 the group agreed to sell its Diagnostic Services business. As at 31st 
March 2023, the proceeds less costs to sell for the Diagnostic Services business was estimated 
to be £37 million and so an impairment of £4 million against goodwill has been recognised, 
see note 5. The business is classified as a disposal group held for sale. 
The major classes of assets and liabilities comprising the businesses classified as held for sale as 
at 31st March are: 
 
2023 
2022 
£m 
Diagnostic
Services
£m 
Battery
Materials
£m 
Total
£m 
Non-current assets  
Property, plant and equipment 10 17 27 146 
Right-of-use-assets 9 – 9 2 
Other intangible assets – 1 1 52 
Deferred tax assets 3 – 3 – 
Current assets  
Inventories 5 – 5 138 
Taxation recoverable – – – 1 
Trade and other receivables 30 – 30 63 
Assets classified as held for sale 57 18 75 402 
Current liabilities  
Trade and other payables (11) (3) (14) (60) 
Lease liabilities (1) – (1) (2) 
Taxation liabilities (1) – (1) – 
Cash and cash equivalents – bank overdrafts – – – (8) 
Provisions – – – (2) 
Non-current   
Lease liabilities (9) – (9) (7) 
Provisions – – – (1) 
Liabilities classified as held for sale (22) (3) (25) (80) 
Net assets of disposal group 35 15 50 322 
The prior year held for sale balances relate to Health and Battery Materials. 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 195
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
196 
27 Disposals 
Health (discontinued operation) 
On 1st June 2022, the group completed the sale of its Health business for a gross consideration of 
£325 million. This gross consideration is comprised of £150 million cash, a £50 million vendor 
loan note (which we have recorded as an other receivable), £75 million in the form of shares 
which constitutes a 30% equity interest in the business (which we have equity accounted for as 
an investment in associate) and £50 million in contingent consideration (which we have 
recognised at a fair value of £nil). After adjusting for working capital and an additional £3 million 
cash receipt due to cash in business upon disposal, the net consideration was £272 million. The 
business was disclosed as a disposal group held for sale as at 31st March 2022. 
Battery Materials 
On 26th May 2022, the group completed the sale of its Battery Materials UK business for a cash 
consideration of £20 million. The business was disclosed as a disposal group held for sale as at 
31st March 2022. 
On 1st November 2022, the group completed the sale of its Battery Materials Canada business 
for a cash consideration of £12 million. The business was disclosed as a disposal group held for 
sale as at 30th September 2022.  
Piezo Products 
On 31st January 2023, the group completed the sale of its Piezo Products business for a cash 
consideration of £18 million. The business was disclosed as a disposal group held for sale as at 
30th September 2022. 
 
Health
(discontinued)
£m 
Continuing operations 
Battery
Materials
UK
£m 
Battery
Materials
Canada
£m 
Piezo
Products
£m 
Total 
£m  
Proceeds  
Cash consideration 153 20 12 18 50 
Cash and cash equivalents 
disposed (5) – – (2) (2) 
Net cash consideration 148 20 12 16 48 
Disposal costs paid (1) (1) (1) (1) (3) 
Net cash inflow 147 19 11 15 45 
Assets and liabilities disposed  
Non-current assets  
Property, plant and equipment 105 14 1 2 17 
Right-of-use assets 1 – – – – 
Goodwill – – – 4 4 
Other intangible assets 42 10 – – 10 
Deferred tax assets 13 – – – – 
Current assets  
Inventories 142 – 1 5 6 
Trade and other receivables 60 – 7 1 8 
Cash and cash equivalents 5 – – 2 2 
Current liabilities  
Trade and other payables (71) – (1) (1) (2) 
Lease liabilities (1) (5) – – (5) 
Provisions (1) – – – – 
Non-current liabilities  
Lease liabilities (2) – – – – 
Pension liabilities – – – (4) (4) 
Provisions (1) – – – – 
Net assets disposed 292 19 8 9 36 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023196
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
196 
27 Disposals 
Health (discontinued operation) 
On 1st June 2022, the group completed the sale of its Health business for a gross consideration of 
£325 million. This gross consideration is comprised of £150 million cash, a £50 million vendor 
loan note (which we have recorded as an other receivable), £75 million in the form of shares 
which constitutes a 30% equity interest in the business (which we have equity accounted for as 
an investment in associate) and £50 million in contingent consideration (which we have 
recognised at a fair value of £nil). After adjusting for working capital and an additional £3 million 
cash receipt due to cash in business upon disposal, the net consideration was £272 million. The 
business was disclosed as a disposal group held for sale as at 31st March 2022. 
Battery Materials 
On 26th May 2022, the group completed the sale of its Battery Materials UK business for a cash 
consideration of £20 million. The business was disclosed as a disposal group held for sale as at 
31st March 2022. 
On 1st November 2022, the group completed the sale of its Battery Materials Canada business 
for a cash consideration of £12 million. The business was disclosed as a disposal group held for 
sale as at 30th September 2022.  
Piezo Products 
On 31st January 2023, the group completed the sale of its Piezo Products business for a cash 
consideration of £18 million. The business was disclosed as a disposal group held for sale as at 
30th September 2022. 
 
Health
(discontinued)
£m 
Continuing operations 
Battery
Materials
UK
£m 
Battery
Materials
Canada
£m 
Piezo
Products
£m 
Total 
£m  
Proceeds  
Cash consideration 153 20 12 18 50 
Cash and cash equivalents 
disposed (5) – – (2) (2) 
Net cash consideration 148 20 12 16 48 
Disposal costs paid (1) (1) (1) (1) (3) 
Net cash inflow 147 19 11 15 45 
Assets and liabilities disposed  
Non-current assets  
Property, plant and equipment 105 14 1 2 17 
Right-of-use assets 1 – – – – 
Goodwill – – – 4 4 
Other intangible assets 42 10 – – 10 
Deferred tax assets 13 – – – – 
Current assets  
Inventories 142 – 1 5 6 
Trade and other receivables 60 – 7 1 8 
Cash and cash equivalents 5 – – 2 2 
Current liabilities  
Trade and other payables (71) – (1) (1) (2) 
Lease liabilities (1) (5) – – (5) 
Provisions (1) – – – – 
Non-current liabilities  
Lease liabilities (2) – – – – 
Pension liabilities – – – (4) (4) 
Provisions (1) – – – – 
Net assets disposed 292 19 8 9 36 
  
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
197 
27 Disposals continued 
 
Health 
(discontinued) 
£m  
Continuing operations 
Battery
Materials
UK
£m 
Battery
Materials
Canada
£m 
Piezo
Products
£m 
Total
£m 
Cash consideration 153 20 12 18 50
Non-cash consideration 119 – – – –
Less: carrying amount of net 
assets sold (292) (19) (8) (9) (36)
Less: disposal costs (1) (1) (1) (1) (3)
Cumulative currency translation 
loss/(gain) recycled from other 
comprehensive income 32 – (2) 3 1
Profit recognised in the income 
statement 11 – 1 11 12
28 Financial risk management 
The group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including credit risk, market risk 
and liquidity risk. Market risk includes foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk. 
The financial risks are managed by the group, under policies approved by the board. The 
financial risk management is carried out by a centralised group treasury function. Group 
treasury’s role is to optimise the group’s liquidity, mitigate financial risks and provide treasury 
services to the group’s operating businesses. The group uses derivative financial instruments, 
including forward currency contracts, interest rate swaps and currency swaps, to manage the 
financial risks associated with its underlying business activities and the financing of those 
activities. Some derivative financial instruments used to manage financial risk are not 
designated as hedges and, therefore, are classified as at fair value through profit or loss. The 
group does not undertake any speculative trading activity in financial instruments. 
Credit risk 
Within certain businesses, the group derives a significant proportion of its revenue from sales 
to major customers. Sales to individual customers are large if the value of precious metals is 
included in the price. The failure of any such company to honour its debts could materially 
impact the group’s results. The group derives significant benefit from trading with its 
customers and manages the risk at many levels. Each sector has a credit committee that 
regularly monitors its exposure. The Audit Committee receives a report every six months that 
details all significant credit limits, amounts due and overdue within the group, and the 
relevant actions being taken. At 31st March 2023, trade receivables for the group amounted to 
£1,304 million (2022: £1,393 million), excluding £14 million classified as held for sale, of 
which £1,077 million (2022: £1,167 million) are in Clean Air which mainly supplies car and 
truck manufacturers and component suppliers in the automotive industry. Although Clean Air 
has a wide range of customers, the concentrated nature of this industry means that amounts 
owed by individual customers can be large and, in the event that one of those customers 
experiences financial difficulty, there could be a material adverse impact on the group. 
Other parts of the group tend to sell to a larger number of customers and amounts owed 
tend to be lower. At 31st March 2023, no single outstanding balance exceeded 2% (2022: 2%) 
of revenue.  
The credit profiles of the group’s customers are obtained from credit rating agencies where 
possible and are closely monitored. The scope of these reviews includes amounts overdue and 
credit limits. The group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual 
characteristics of each customer. However, risk associated with the industry and country in 
which customers operate may also influence the credit risk. The credit quality of customers is 
assessed against the appropriate credit ratings, financial strength, trading experience and 
market position to define credit limits. Controls and risk mitigants include daily monitoring of 
exposures, investing in counterparties with investment grade ratings, restricting the amount 
that can be invested with one counterparty and credit-rating mitigation techniques. Generally, 
payments are made promptly in the automotive industry and in the other markets in which 
the group operates. 
A provision matrix is used to calculate lifetime expected credit losses using historical loss rates 
based on days past due and a broad range of forward-looking information, including country 
and market growth forecasts. This year, expected credit losses on unimpaired trade and 
contract receivables remained at £16 million (2022: £16 million) despite the lower trade 
receivables balance, reflecting a slightly heightened risk profile due to the volatile 
macroeconomic environment. 
Trade receivables are specifically impaired when the amount is in dispute, customers are in 
financial difficulty or for other reasons which imply there is doubt over the recoverability of the 
debt. They are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, based on an 
estimate of the financial position of the counterparty. 
 Movements in the allowance for credit losses on trade and contract receivables are as follows: 
 
Group 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
At beginning of year 37 30 
Charge for year 5 18 
Utilised (1) (1) 
Released (11) (10) 
At end of year 30 37 
The group’s maximum exposure to default on trade and contract receivables is £1,429 million 
(2022: £1,575 million), of which £25 million is classified as held for sale. 
The group’s financial assets included in other receivables are all current and not impaired. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 197
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
198 
28 Financial risk management continued 
Credit risk continued 
The credit risk on cash and deposits and derivative financial instruments is limited because the 
counterparties with significant balances are banks with strong credit ratings. The exposure to 
individual banks is monitored frequently against internally-defined limits, together with each 
bank’s credit rating and credit default swap prices. At 31st March 2023, the maximum net 
exposure with a single bank for cash and deposits was £37 million (2022: £101 million), 
whilst the largest mark to market exposure for derivative financial instruments to a single 
bank was £11 million (2022: £7 million). The group also uses money market funds to invest 
surplus cash thereby further diversifying credit risk and, at 31st March 2023, the group’s 
exposure to these funds was £521 million (2022: £137 million). The amounts on deposit at 
the year end represent the group’s maximum exposure to credit risk on cash and deposits. 
Expected credit losses on cash and cash equivalents are immaterial. 
Foreign currency risk 
The group operates globally with a significant amount of its profit earned outside the UK. The 
main impact of movements in exchange rates on the group’s results arises on translation of 
overseas subsidiaries’ profits into sterling. The largest exposure is to the euro and a 5% (5.8 
cent (2022: 5.9 cent)) movement in the average exchange rate for the euro against sterling 
would have had a £11 million (2022: £9 million) impact on underlying operating profit. The 
group is also exposed to the US dollar and a 5% (6.0 cent (2022: 6.8 cent)) movement in the 
average exchange rate for the US dollar against sterling would have had a £10 million (2022: 
£10 million) impact on underlying operating profit. This exposure is part of the group’s 
economic risk of operating globally which is essential to remain competitive in the markets in 
which it operates. 
The group matches foreign currency assets and liabilities (where these differ to the functional 
currency of the relevant subsidiary) to avoid the risk of a material impact on the income 
statement resulting from movements in exchange rates. The group does, however, have 
foreign exchange exposure on movements through equity related to cash flow and net 
investment hedges. A 10% depreciation or appreciation in the US dollar and euro exchange 
rates against sterling would increase / (decrease) other reserves as follows: 
 
10% depreciation 10% appreciation 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Cash flow hedges 5 5 (8) (7)
Net investment hedges 5 20 (8) (25)
For the net investment hedges, these movements would be fully offset in reserves by an 
opposite movement on the retranslation of the net assets of the overseas subsidiaries. 
Investments in foreign operations 
To protect the group’s sterling balance sheet and reduce cash flow risk, the group has financed 
most of its investment in the US and Europe by borrowing US dollars and euros, respectively. 
Although much of this funding is obtained by directly borrowing the relevant currency, a part 
is achieved through currency swaps which can be more efficient and reduce costs. 
The group has designated US dollar and euro loans and a cross currency swap as hedges of net 
investments in foreign operations as they hedge changes in the value of the subsidiaries' net 
assets against movements in exchange rates. The change in the value of the net investment 
hedges from movements in foreign currency exchange rates is recognised in equity and is 
offset by an equal and opposite movement in the carrying value of the net assets of the 
subsidiaries. All critical terms of the hedging instruments and hedged items matched during 
the year and, therefore, hedge ineffectiveness was immaterial. The hedge ratio is 1:1.  
Year ended 31st March 2023 
 
US dollar and 
euro loans1
£m 
Cross 
currency 
swap2
£m 
Total 
£m  
Carrying value of hedging instruments at 31st March 2023 (164) (5) (169) 
Change in carrying value of hedging instruments 
recognised in equity during the year (8) (2) (10) 
Change in fair value of hedged items during the year used 
to determine hedge effectiveness 8 2 10 
1. The designated hedging instruments are $75 million of the 3.97% $120 million Bonds 2027, €17 million of the 2.44% €20 million Bonds 
2023, €90 million of the 1.81% €90 million Bonds 2028 and €10 million of the 2.92% €25 million Bonds 2030. 
2. The designated hedging instrument are a cross currency swap expiring in 2025 whereby the group pays 2.609% fixed on €77 million and 
receives 2.83% fixed on £65 million and a cross current swap expiring in 2029 whereby the group pays 1.712% fixed on €46 million and 
receives 2.6723% fixed on £38 million. 
Year ended 31st March 2022 
 
US dollar and 
euro loans1 
£m  
Cross 
currency 
swap2 
£m  
Total 
£m  
Carrying value of hedging instruments at  
31st March 2022 (156) (2) (158) 
Change in carrying value of hedging instruments 
recognised in equity during the year (3) 1 (2) 
Change in fair value of hedged items during the year 
used to determine hedge effectiveness 3 (1) 2 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023198
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
198 
28 Financial risk management continued 
Credit risk continued 
The credit risk on cash and deposits and derivative financial instruments is limited because the 
counterparties with significant balances are banks with strong credit ratings. The exposure to 
individual banks is monitored frequently against internally-defined limits, together with each 
bank’s credit rating and credit default swap prices. At 31st March 2023, the maximum net 
exposure with a single bank for cash and deposits was £37 million (2022: £101 million), 
whilst the largest mark to market exposure for derivative financial instruments to a single 
bank was £11 million (2022: £7 million). The group also uses money market funds to invest 
surplus cash thereby further diversifying credit risk and, at 31st March 2023, the group’s 
exposure to these funds was £521 million (2022: £137 million). The amounts on deposit at 
the year end represent the group’s maximum exposure to credit risk on cash and deposits. 
Expected credit losses on cash and cash equivalents are immaterial. 
Foreign currency risk 
The group operates globally with a significant amount of its profit earned outside the UK. The 
main impact of movements in exchange rates on the group’s results arises on translation of 
overseas subsidiaries’ profits into sterling. The largest exposure is to the euro and a 5% (5.8 
cent (2022: 5.9 cent)) movement in the average exchange rate for the euro against sterling 
would have had a £11 million (2022: £9 million) impact on underlying operating profit. The 
group is also exposed to the US dollar and a 5% (6.0 cent (2022: 6.8 cent)) movement in the 
average exchange rate for the US dollar against sterling would have had a £10 million (2022: 
£10 million) impact on underlying operating profit. This exposure is part of the group’s 
economic risk of operating globally which is essential to remain competitive in the markets in 
which it operates. 
The group matches foreign currency assets and liabilities (where these differ to the functional 
currency of the relevant subsidiary) to avoid the risk of a material impact on the income 
statement resulting from movements in exchange rates. The group does, however, have 
foreign exchange exposure on movements through equity related to cash flow and net 
investment hedges. A 10% depreciation or appreciation in the US dollar and euro exchange 
rates against sterling would increase / (decrease) other reserves as follows: 
 
10% depreciation 10% appreciation 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Cash flow hedges 5 5 (8) (7)
Net investment hedges 5 20 (8) (25)
For the net investment hedges, these movements would be fully offset in reserves by an 
opposite movement on the retranslation of the net assets of the overseas subsidiaries. 
Investments in foreign operations 
To protect the group’s sterling balance sheet and reduce cash flow risk, the group has financed 
most of its investment in the US and Europe by borrowing US dollars and euros, respectively. 
Although much of this funding is obtained by directly borrowing the relevant currency, a part 
is achieved through currency swaps which can be more efficient and reduce costs. 
The group has designated US dollar and euro loans and a cross currency swap as hedges of net 
investments in foreign operations as they hedge changes in the value of the subsidiaries' net 
assets against movements in exchange rates. The change in the value of the net investment 
hedges from movements in foreign currency exchange rates is recognised in equity and is 
offset by an equal and opposite movement in the carrying value of the net assets of the 
subsidiaries. All critical terms of the hedging instruments and hedged items matched during 
the year and, therefore, hedge ineffectiveness was immaterial. The hedge ratio is 1:1.  
Year ended 31st March 2023 
 
US dollar and 
euro loans1
£m 
Cross 
currency 
swap2
£m 
Total 
£m  
Carrying value of hedging instruments at 31st March 2023 (164) (5) (169) 
Change in carrying value of hedging instruments 
recognised in equity during the year (8) (2) (10) 
Change in fair value of hedged items during the year used 
to determine hedge effectiveness 8 2 10 
1. The designated hedging instruments are $75 million of the 3.97% $120 million Bonds 2027, €17 million of the 2.44% €20 million Bonds 
2023, €90 million of the 1.81% €90 million Bonds 2028 and €10 million of the 2.92% €25 million Bonds 2030. 
2. The designated hedging instrument are a cross currency swap expiring in 2025 whereby the group pays 2.609% fixed on €77 million and 
receives 2.83% fixed on £65 million and a cross current swap expiring in 2029 whereby the group pays 1.712% fixed on €46 million and 
receives 2.6723% fixed on £38 million. 
Year ended 31st March 2022 
 
US dollar and 
euro loans1 
£m  
Cross 
currency 
swap2 
£m  
Total 
£m  
Carrying value of hedging instruments at  
31st March 2022 (156) (2) (158) 
Change in carrying value of hedging instruments 
recognised in equity during the year (3) 1 (2) 
Change in fair value of hedged items during the year 
used to determine hedge effectiveness 3 (1) 2 
  
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
199 
28 Financial risk management continued 
Foreign currency risk continued 
Forecast receipts and payments in foreign currencies 
The group uses forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge foreign exchange exposures 
arising on forecast receipts and payments in foreign currencies. These are designated and 
accounted for as cash flow hedges. The group’s policy is to hedge between 50% and 80% of 
forecast receipts and payments in foreign currencies over the next 12 months. 
For hedges of forecast receipts and payments in foreign currencies, the critical terms of the 
hedging instruments match exactly with the terms of the hedged items and, therefore, the 
group performs a qualitative assessment of effectiveness. Ineffectiveness may arise if the 
timing of the forecast transaction changes from what was originally estimated or if there are 
changes in the credit risk of the group or the derivative counterparty. Hedge ineffectiveness 
was immaterial during the year. The hedge ratio is 1:1. 
Year ended 31st March 2023 
 
Sterling / US 
dollar
£m 
Sterling / euro
£m 
Other
£m 
Total
£m 
Carrying value of hedging instruments at 31st 
March 2023 
• assets 4 1 6 11
• liabilities (8) (1) (4) (13)
Change in carrying value of hedging 
instruments recognised in equity  
during the year (10) 1 – (9)
Change in fair value of hedged items during 
the year used to determine hedge 
effectiveness 10 (1) – 9
Notional amount1 348 42 16 –
1. The notional amount is the sterling equivalent of the net currency amount purchased or sold. 
 
Year ended 31st March 2022 
 
Sterling / US 
dollar
£m 
Sterling / euro
£m 
Other
£m 
Total 
£m  
Carrying value of hedging instruments at 
31st March 2022  
• assets ––55  
• liabilities (5) – (4) (9) 
Change in carrying value of hedging 
instruments recognised in equity 
during the year (8) 16 (3) 5 
Change in fair value of hedged items 
during the year used to determine hedge 
effectiveness 8 (16) 3 (5) 
Notional amount1 209 53 11 – 
1. The notional amount is the sterling equivalent of the net currency amount purchased or sold. 
The weighted average exchange rates on sterling / US dollar and sterling / euro forward 
foreign exchange contracts are 1.26 and 0.88 (2022: 1.35 and 0.85), respectively. The 
hedged, highly probable forecast transactions denominated in foreign currencies are expected 
to occur over the next 12 months. 
Foreign currency borrowings 
The group has designated two US dollar fixed interest rate to sterling fixed interest rate cross 
currency swaps as cash flow hedges. This swap hedges the movement in the cash flows on 
$100 million of the 3.14% $130 million bonds 2025 attributable to changes in the US dollar / 
sterling exchange rate while the second swap hedges the movement in the cash flows on the 
3.00% $50 million bonds 2029 attributable to changes in the US dollar / sterling exchange 
rate. The currency swaps have similar critical terms as the hedged items, such as reference 
rate, reset dates, payment dates, maturity and notional amounts. As all critical terms matched 
during the year, hedge ineffectiveness was immaterial. The hedge ratio is 1:1. The interest 
element of the swaps is recognised in the income statement each year. 
 Cross currency swap 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
Carrying value of hedging instruments at 31st March1 20 11 
Change in carrying value of hedging instruments recognised in equity 
during the year 9 3 
Change in fair value of hedged items during the year used to 
determine hedge effectiveness (9) (3) 
1. The designated hedging instruments are two cross currency swaps, one expiring in 2025 whereby the group pays 2.83% fixed on £65 million 
and receives 3.14% fixed on $100 million and one expiring in 2029 whereby the group pays 2.67% fixed on £38 million and receives 3.00% 
fixed on $50 million. 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 199
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
200 
28 Financial risk management continued 
Interest rate risk 
The group’s interest rate risk arises from fixed rate borrowings (fair value risk) and floating 
rate borrowings (cash flow risk) as well as cash deposits and short term investments. Its policy 
is to optimise interest cost and reduce volatility in reported earnings and equity. The group 
manages its risk by reviewing the profile of debt regularly and by selectively using interest rate 
swaps to maintain borrowings at competitive rates. At 31st March 2023, 67% (2022: 66%) of 
the group’s borrowings and related swaps was at fixed rates with an average interest rate of 
3.1% (2022: 3.5%). The remaining debt is floating rate. Based on the group’s borrowings and 
related swaps at floating rates, after taking into account the effect of the swaps, a 1% change 
in all interest rates during the current year would have a £5 million impact on the group’s 
profit before tax (2022: £4 million). 
The group has designated three (2022: four) fixed rate to floating interest rate swaps as fair 
value hedges as they hedge the changes in fair value of bonds attributable to changes in 
interest rates. All hedging instruments have maturities in line with the repayment dates of the 
hedged bonds and the cash flows of the instruments are consistent. All critical terms of the 
hedging instruments and hedged items matched during the year and, therefore, hedge 
ineffectiveness was immaterial. 
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Carrying value of hedging instruments at 31st March1 (15) (1)
Amortised cost (147) (256)
Fair value adjustment 17 3
Carrying value of hedged items at 31st March1 (130) (253)
Change in carrying value of hedging instruments recognised in profit 
or loss during the year (14) (13)
Change in fair value of hedged items during the year used to 
determine hedge effectiveness 14 13
1. The hedged items in the current year are the 1.40% €77 million Bonds 2025 and 1.81% €90 million Bonds 2028. In the prior year there was 
also the 3.26% $150 million Bonds 2022, Interest rate swaps have been contracted with aligned notional amounts and maturities to the 
bonds with the effect that the group pays an average floating rate of six-month LIBOR plus 0.64% on the US dollar bonds and six-month 
EURIBOR plus 0.94% on the euro bonds. 
Price risk 
Fluctuations in precious metal prices have an impact on the group’s financial results. Our 
policy for all manufacturing businesses is to limit this exposure by hedging against future price 
changes where such hedging can be done at acceptable cost. The group enters into forward 
precious metal price contracts for the receipt or delivery of precious metal. The group does not 
take material price exposures on metal trading. A proportion of the group’s precious metal 
inventories are unhedged due to the ongoing risk over security of supply. 
Liquidity risk 
The group’s funding strategy includes maintaining appropriate levels of working capital, 
undrawn committed facilities and access to the capital markets. We regularly review liquidity 
levels and sources of cash, and we maintain access to committed credit facilities and debt 
capital markets. At 31st March 2023, the group had borrowings under committed bank 
facilities of £nil (2022: £nil). The group also has a number of uncommitted facilities and 
overdraft lines at its disposal. 
The group has a £1 billion revolving credit facility with a maturity date of March 2027 which 
includes Environmental, Social and Governance KPIs which provides the group with a nominal 
interest saving or cost depending on our performance. 
In June 2022 the group drew down on its first three sustainability-linked private placements 
(€225 million £35 million and $50 million). The notes have interest rates linked with Johnson 
Matthey’s Key Performance Indicator for the reduction of its Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas 
emissions and are among the first sustainability-linked financing in the market from a UK 
corporate issuer. 
During the financial year the group also drew down in full and extended the maturity date of 
its £407 million sustainable financing agreement through UK Export Finance (UKEF). These 
facilities now have maturity dates in March 2028. 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Expiring in more than one year 1,000 1,403 
Undrawn committed bank facilities 1,000 1,403 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023200
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
200 
28 Financial risk management continued 
Interest rate risk 
The group’s interest rate risk arises from fixed rate borrowings (fair value risk) and floating 
rate borrowings (cash flow risk) as well as cash deposits and short term investments. Its policy 
is to optimise interest cost and reduce volatility in reported earnings and equity. The group 
manages its risk by reviewing the profile of debt regularly and by selectively using interest rate 
swaps to maintain borrowings at competitive rates. At 31st March 2023, 67% (2022: 66%) of 
the group’s borrowings and related swaps was at fixed rates with an average interest rate of 
3.1% (2022: 3.5%). The remaining debt is floating rate. Based on the group’s borrowings and 
related swaps at floating rates, after taking into account the effect of the swaps, a 1% change 
in all interest rates during the current year would have a £5 million impact on the group’s 
profit before tax (2022: £4 million). 
The group has designated three (2022: four) fixed rate to floating interest rate swaps as fair 
value hedges as they hedge the changes in fair value of bonds attributable to changes in 
interest rates. All hedging instruments have maturities in line with the repayment dates of the 
hedged bonds and the cash flows of the instruments are consistent. All critical terms of the 
hedging instruments and hedged items matched during the year and, therefore, hedge 
ineffectiveness was immaterial. 
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Carrying value of hedging instruments at 31st March1 (15) (1)
Amortised cost (147) (256)
Fair value adjustment 17 3
Carrying value of hedged items at 31st March1 (130) (253)
Change in carrying value of hedging instruments recognised in profit 
or loss during the year (14) (13)
Change in fair value of hedged items during the year used to 
determine hedge effectiveness 14 13
1. The hedged items in the current year are the 1.40% €77 million Bonds 2025 and 1.81% €90 million Bonds 2028. In the prior year there was 
also the 3.26% $150 million Bonds 2022, Interest rate swaps have been contracted with aligned notional amounts and maturities to the 
bonds with the effect that the group pays an average floating rate of six-month LIBOR plus 0.64% on the US dollar bonds and six-month 
EURIBOR plus 0.94% on the euro bonds. 
Price risk 
Fluctuations in precious metal prices have an impact on the group’s financial results. Our 
policy for all manufacturing businesses is to limit this exposure by hedging against future price 
changes where such hedging can be done at acceptable cost. The group enters into forward 
precious metal price contracts for the receipt or delivery of precious metal. The group does not 
take material price exposures on metal trading. A proportion of the group’s precious metal 
inventories are unhedged due to the ongoing risk over security of supply. 
Liquidity risk 
The group’s funding strategy includes maintaining appropriate levels of working capital, 
undrawn committed facilities and access to the capital markets. We regularly review liquidity 
levels and sources of cash, and we maintain access to committed credit facilities and debt 
capital markets. At 31st March 2023, the group had borrowings under committed bank 
facilities of £nil (2022: £nil). The group also has a number of uncommitted facilities and 
overdraft lines at its disposal. 
The group has a £1 billion revolving credit facility with a maturity date of March 2027 which 
includes Environmental, Social and Governance KPIs which provides the group with a nominal 
interest saving or cost depending on our performance. 
In June 2022 the group drew down on its first three sustainability-linked private placements 
(€225 million £35 million and $50 million). The notes have interest rates linked with Johnson 
Matthey’s Key Performance Indicator for the reduction of its Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas 
emissions and are among the first sustainability-linked financing in the market from a UK 
corporate issuer. 
During the financial year the group also drew down in full and extended the maturity date of 
its £407 million sustainable financing agreement through UK Export Finance (UKEF). These 
facilities now have maturity dates in March 2028. 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Expiring in more than one year 1,000 1,403 
Undrawn committed bank facilities 1,000 1,403 
  
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
201 
28 Financial risk management continued 
Liquidity risk continued 
The maturity analyses for financial liabilities showing the remaining contractual undiscounted 
cash flows, including future interest payments, at current year exchange rates and assuming 
floating interest rates remain at the latest fixing rates, are:  
At 31st March 2023 
 
Within 1 
year 
£m 
1 to 2 years
£m 
2 to 5 years
£m 
After 5 
years
£m 
Total
£m 
Bank overdrafts 13 – – – 13
Bank and other loans – principal 155 104 809 542 1,610
Bank and other loans – interest payments 52 49 112 24 237
Lease liabilities - principal 9 9 12 10 40
Lease liabilities - principal - classified as held 
for sale 1 1 2 6 10
Lease liabilities - interest payments 2 1 3 8 14
Financial liabilities in trade and other 
payables 2,316 2 – – 2,318
Financial liabilities in trade and other 
payables classified as held for sale 14 – – – 14
Total non-derivative financial liabilities 2,562 166 938 590 4,256
Forward foreign exchange contracts – 
payments 322 27 5 – 354
Forward foreign exchange contracts – 
receipts (310) (25) (5) – (340)
Currency swaps – payments 1,026 – – – 1,026
Currency swaps – receipts (1,012) – – – (1,012)
Cross currency interest rate swaps - 
payments 5 5 139 81 230
Cross currency interest rate swaps - receipts (7) (7) (154) (81) (249)
Interest rate swaps – payments 5 5 78 81 169
Interest rate swaps – receipts (2) (2) (73) (80) (157)
Total derivative financial liabilities 27 3 (10) 1 21
At 31st March 2022 
 
Within 1 
year
£m 
1 to 2 years
£m 
2 to 5 years
£m 
After 5 
years
£m 
Total 
£m 
Bank overdrafts 37 – – – 37 
Bank overdrafts classified as held for sale 8–––8  
Bank and other loans – principal 264 142 412 348 1,166 
Bank and other loans – interest payments 29 25 47 13 114 
Lease liabilities - principal 10 8 13 19 50 
Lease liabilities - principal - classified as held 
for sale 22149  
Lease liabilities - interest payments 2239 1 6  
Financial liabilities in trade and other 
payables 2,290 2 – – 2,292 
Financial liabilities in trade and other 
payables classified as held for sale 23 – – – 23 
Total non-derivative financial liabilities 2,665 181 476 393 3,715 
Forward foreign exchange contracts – 
payments 473 45 26 – 544 
Forward foreign exchange contracts – 
receipts (466) (43) (25) – (534) 
Currency swaps – payments 2,050 – – – 2,050 
Currency swaps – receipts (2,053) – – – (2,053) 
Cross currency interest rate swaps - payments 2 65 – – 67 
Cross currency interest rate swaps - receipts (2) (65) – – (67) 
Interest rate swaps – payments 1 1 67 77 146 
Interest rate swaps – receipts (2) (2) (71) (79) (154) 
Total derivative financial liabilities 3 1 (3) (2) (1) 
 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 201
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
202 
28 Financial risk management continued 
Offsetting financial assets and liabilities 
The group offsets financial assets and liabilities when it currently has a legally enforceable 
right to offset the recognised amounts and it intends to either settle on a net basis or realise 
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The following financial assets and liabilities are 
subject to offsetting or enforceable master netting arrangements: 
At 31st March 2023 
 
Gross 
financial 
assets / 
(liabilities) 
£m 
Amounts
set off
£m 
Net amounts
in balance
sheet
£m 
Amounts
not set off1
£m 
Net
£m 
Non-current interest rate swaps 20 – 20 (5) 15
Other financial assets – current 47 – 47 (11) 36
Other financial liabilities – current (27) – (27) 11 (16)
Non-current borrowings and 
related swaps (1,460) – (1,460) 5 (1,455)
At 31st March 2022 
 
Gross 
financial 
assets / 
(liabilities) 
£m 
Amounts
set off
£m 
Net amounts
in balance
sheet
£m 
Amounts
not set off1
£m 
Net
£m 
Non-current interest rate swaps 11 – 11 (3) 8
Cash and cash equivalents 392 (1) 391 – 391
Other financial assets – current 27 – 27 (24) 3
Cash and cash equivalents – bank 
overdrafts (38) 1 (37) – (37)
Other financial liabilities – current (44) – (44) 24 (20)
Non-current borrowings and 
related swaps (899) – (899) 3 (896)
1.  Agreements with derivative counterparties are based on an ISDA Master Agreement. Under these arrangements, whilst the group does not 
have a legally enforceable right of set off, where certain credit events occur, such as default, the net position receivable from or payable to a 
single counterparty in the same currency would be taken as owing and all the relevant arrangements terminated. 
29 Fair values  
Fair value hierarchy 
Fair values are measured using a hierarchy where the inputs are: 
• Level 1 – quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
• Level 2 – not level 1 but are observable for that asset or liability either directly or indirectly. 
• Level 3 – not based on observable market data (unobservable). 
Fair value of financial instruments 
Certain of the group’s financial instruments are held at fair value. The fair value of a financial 
instrument is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an 
orderly transaction between market participants at the balance sheet date. 
The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate swaps, forward precious 
metal price contracts and currency swaps is estimated by discounting the future contractual 
cash flows using forward exchange rates, interest rates and prices at the balance sheet date. 
The fair value of trade and other receivables measured at fair value is the face value of the 
receivable less the estimated costs of converting the receivable into cash. 
The fair value of money market funds is calculated by multiplying the net asset value per share 
by the investment held at the balance sheet date. 
There were no transfers of any financial instrument between the levels of the fair value 
hierarchy during the current or prior years. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023202
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
202 
28 Financial risk management continued 
Offsetting financial assets and liabilities 
The group offsets financial assets and liabilities when it currently has a legally enforceable 
right to offset the recognised amounts and it intends to either settle on a net basis or realise 
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The following financial assets and liabilities are 
subject to offsetting or enforceable master netting arrangements: 
At 31st March 2023 
 
Gross 
financial 
assets / 
(liabilities) 
£m 
Amounts
set off
£m 
Net amounts
in balance
sheet
£m 
Amounts
not set off1
£m 
Net
£m 
Non-current interest rate swaps 20 – 20 (5) 15
Other financial assets – current 47 – 47 (11) 36
Other financial liabilities – current (27) – (27) 11 (16)
Non-current borrowings and 
related swaps (1,460) – (1,460) 5 (1,455)
At 31st March 2022 
 
Gross 
financial 
assets / 
(liabilities) 
£m 
Amounts
set off
£m 
Net amounts
in balance
sheet
£m 
Amounts
not set off1
£m 
Net
£m 
Non-current interest rate swaps 11 – 11 (3) 8
Cash and cash equivalents 392 (1) 391 – 391
Other financial assets – current 27 – 27 (24) 3
Cash and cash equivalents – bank 
overdrafts (38) 1 (37) – (37)
Other financial liabilities – current (44) – (44) 24 (20)
Non-current borrowings and 
related swaps (899) – (899) 3 (896)
1.  Agreements with derivative counterparties are based on an ISDA Master Agreement. Under these arrangements, whilst the group does not 
have a legally enforceable right of set off, where certain credit events occur, such as default, the net position receivable from or payable to a 
single counterparty in the same currency would be taken as owing and all the relevant arrangements terminated. 
29 Fair values  
Fair value hierarchy 
Fair values are measured using a hierarchy where the inputs are: 
• Level 1 – quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
• Level 2 – not level 1 but are observable for that asset or liability either directly or indirectly. 
• Level 3 – not based on observable market data (unobservable). 
Fair value of financial instruments 
Certain of the group’s financial instruments are held at fair value. The fair value of a financial 
instrument is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an 
orderly transaction between market participants at the balance sheet date. 
The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate swaps, forward precious 
metal price contracts and currency swaps is estimated by discounting the future contractual 
cash flows using forward exchange rates, interest rates and prices at the balance sheet date. 
The fair value of trade and other receivables measured at fair value is the face value of the 
receivable less the estimated costs of converting the receivable into cash. 
The fair value of money market funds is calculated by multiplying the net asset value per share 
by the investment held at the balance sheet date. 
There were no transfers of any financial instrument between the levels of the fair value 
hierarchy during the current or prior years. 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
 
203 
29 Fair values  continued 
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Fair value
hierarchy
Level Note 
Financial instruments measured at fair value  
Non-current  
Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income1 49 45 1 – 
Interest rate swaps – assets 20 12 2 – 
Other financial assets2 48 – 2 18 
Interest rate swaps – liabilities (15) (2) 2 – 
Borrowings and related swaps (5) (2) 2 20 
Other financial liabilities2 – (12) 2 18 
Current  
Trade receivables3 329 492 2 17 
Other receivables4 21 44 2 17 
Cash and cash equivalents - money market funds 521 137 2 – 
Other financial assets2 47 27 2 18 
Other financial liabilities2 (27) (44) 2 18 
Financial instruments not measured at fair value  
Non-current  
Borrowings and related swaps (1,455) (897) – 20 
Lease liabilities (31) (40) – 12 
Trade and other receivables 57 – – 17 
Other payables (2) (2) – 19 
Current  
Amounts receivable under precious metal sale and repurchase agreements 222 114 – 17 
Amounts payable under precious metal sale and repurchase agreements (838) (793) – 19 
Cash and cash equivalents - cash and deposits 129 254 – – 
Cash and cash equivalents - bank overdrafts (13) (37) – – 
Borrowings and related swaps (155) (265) – 20 
Lease liabilities (9) (10) – 12 
Trade and other receivables 1,075 972 - 17 
Trade and other payables (1,478) (1,497) - 19 
1. Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income are quoted bonds purchased to fund pension deficits (£36 million) and investments held at fair value through other comprehensive income (£13 million). 
2. Includes forward foreign exchange contracts, forward precious metal price contracts and currency swaps. 
3. Trade receivables held in a part of the group with a business model to hold trade receivables for collection or sale. The remainder of the group operates a hold to collect business model and receives the face value, plus relevant interest, of its trade receivables from the counterparty without otherwise 
exchanging or disposing of such instruments. 
4. Other receivables with cash flows that do not represent solely the payment of principal and interest.  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 203
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
204 
 The fair value of financial instruments, excluding accrued interest, is approximately equal to book value except for: 
 
2023
Carrying
amount
£m 
Fair
value
£m 
2022
Carrying
amount
£m 
Fair 
value 
£m  
US Dollar Bonds 2023, 2025, 2027, 2028, 2029 and 2030 (648) (618) (688) (662) 
Euro Bonds 2023, 2025, 2028, 2030 and 2032 (368) (340) (176) (179) 
Sterling Bonds 2024, 2025 and 2029 (145) (137) (110) (107) 
KfW US Dollar Loan 2024 (40) (39) (38) (36) 
The fair values are calculated using level 2 inputs by discounting future cash flows to net present values using appropriate market interest rates prevailing at the year end. 
30 Share-based payments 
The total expense recognised during the year in respect of equity-settled share-based payments was £18 million (2022: £15 million). The expense recognised in respect of equity-settled share-
based payments for continuing operations was £18 million (2022: £13 million), and £nil (2022: £2 million) for discontinued operations. 
The group currently operates various share-based payment schemes; a Performance share plan (PSP), a Restricted share plan (RSP), a Long-term incentive plan (LTIP), a Deferred bonus scheme 
and a Share Incentive Plan (SIP). Further details of the directors’ remuneration under share-based payment plans are given in the Remuneration Report. 
PSP 
From 2017, shares are awarded to certain of the group’s executive directors and senior managers under the PSP based on a percentage of salary and are subject to performance targets over a three-
year period. The performance targets are based on underlying EPS growth, and Total Shareholder Return. 
Awards to the executive directors are also subject to a deferred release whereby a third is released on the third anniversary of the award date and the remaining vested shares are released in equal 
instalments on the fourth and fifth anniversaries of the award date. The Remuneration Committee is entitled to claw back the awards to the executive directors in cases of misstatement or 
misconduct. 
RSP 
From 2017, shares are awarded to certain of the group’s executive directors and senior managers under the RSP based on a percentage of salary. Awards under the RSP are not subject to 
performance targets. The shares are subject only to the condition that the employee remains employed by the group on the vesting date (three years after the award date). 
LTIP 
Prior to 2017, shares were awarded to approximately 1,300 of the group’s executive directors, senior managers and middle managers under the LTIP based on a percentage of salary and were 
subject to performance targets over a three-year period. 
Awards to the executive directors are subject to a deferred release whereby a third is released on the third anniversary of the award date and the remaining vested shares are released in equal instalments 
on the fourth and fifth anniversaries of the award date. The Remuneration Committee is entitled to claw back the awards to the executive directors in cases of misstatement or misconduct. 
All outstanding awards on this scheme were released in August 2021. 
Deferred bonus 
A proportion of the bonus payable to executive directors and senior managers is awarded as shares and deferred for three years. The Remuneration Committee is entitled to claw back the deferred 
element in cases of misstatement or misconduct or other relevant reason as determined by it. 
 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023204
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
204 
 The fair value of financial instruments, excluding accrued interest, is approximately equal to book value except for: 
 
2023
Carrying
amount
£m 
Fair
value
£m 
2022
Carrying
amount
£m 
Fair 
value 
£m  
US Dollar Bonds 2023, 2025, 2027, 2028, 2029 and 2030 (648) (618) (688) (662) 
Euro Bonds 2023, 2025, 2028, 2030 and 2032 (368) (340) (176) (179) 
Sterling Bonds 2024, 2025 and 2029 (145) (137) (110) (107) 
KfW US Dollar Loan 2024 (40) (39) (38) (36) 
The fair values are calculated using level 2 inputs by discounting future cash flows to net present values using appropriate market interest rates prevailing at the year end. 
30 Share-based payments 
The total expense recognised during the year in respect of equity-settled share-based payments was £18 million (2022: £15 million). The expense recognised in respect of equity-settled share-
based payments for continuing operations was £18 million (2022: £13 million), and £nil (2022: £2 million) for discontinued operations. 
The group currently operates various share-based payment schemes; a Performance share plan (PSP), a Restricted share plan (RSP), a Long-term incentive plan (LTIP), a Deferred bonus scheme 
and a Share Incentive Plan (SIP). Further details of the directors’ remuneration under share-based payment plans are given in the Remuneration Report. 
PSP 
From 2017, shares are awarded to certain of the group’s executive directors and senior managers under the PSP based on a percentage of salary and are subject to performance targets over a three-
year period. The performance targets are based on underlying EPS growth, and Total Shareholder Return. 
Awards to the executive directors are also subject to a deferred release whereby a third is released on the third anniversary of the award date and the remaining vested shares are released in equal 
instalments on the fourth and fifth anniversaries of the award date. The Remuneration Committee is entitled to claw back the awards to the executive directors in cases of misstatement or 
misconduct. 
RSP 
From 2017, shares are awarded to certain of the group’s executive directors and senior managers under the RSP based on a percentage of salary. Awards under the RSP are not subject to 
performance targets. The shares are subject only to the condition that the employee remains employed by the group on the vesting date (three years after the award date). 
LTIP 
Prior to 2017, shares were awarded to approximately 1,300 of the group’s executive directors, senior managers and middle managers under the LTIP based on a percentage of salary and were 
subject to performance targets over a three-year period. 
Awards to the executive directors are subject to a deferred release whereby a third is released on the third anniversary of the award date and the remaining vested shares are released in equal instalments 
on the fourth and fifth anniversaries of the award date. The Remuneration Committee is entitled to claw back the awards to the executive directors in cases of misstatement or misconduct. 
All outstanding awards on this scheme were released in August 2021. 
Deferred bonus 
A proportion of the bonus payable to executive directors and senior managers is awarded as shares and deferred for three years. The Remuneration Committee is entitled to claw back the deferred 
element in cases of misstatement or misconduct or other relevant reason as determined by it. 
 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
 
205 
30 Share-based payments continued 
All employee share incentive plan (SIP) – UK and overseas 
Under the SIP, all employees with at least one year of service with the group and who are employed by a participating group company are entitled to contribute up to 2.5% of base pay each month, 
subject to a £125 per month limit. The SIP trustees buy shares (partnership shares) at market value each month with the employees’ contributions. For each partnership share purchased, the group 
purchases two shares (matching shares) which are awarded to the employee. 
In the UK SIP, if the employee sells or transfers partnership shares within three years of the date of award, the linked matching shares are forfeited. 
In the overseas SIP, partnership shares and matching shares are subject to a three-year holding period and cannot be sold or transferred during that time. 
During the year, 311,260 (2022: 287,320) matching shares under the SIP were awarded to employees. These are nil cost awards on which performance conditions are substantially completed at 
the date of grant and, consequently, the fair value of these awards is based on the market value of the shares at that date. Activity in the year in relation to these share plans is shown below:  
 
Year ended 31st March 2023 Year ended 31st March 2022 
PSP RSP LTIP Deferred Bonus PSP RSP LTIP Deferred Bonus 
Outstanding at the start of the year 1,434,911 1,258,698 – 149,136 1,267,198 680,364 23,808 113,084 
Awarded during the year 798,488 320,907 – 102,961 588,027 761,954 – 75,964 
Forfeited during the year (243,093) (130,601) – – (420,314) (95,172) – – 
Released during the year (261,372) (452,814) – (40,787) – (88,448) (23,808) (39,912) 
Outstanding at the end of the year 1,728,934 996,190 – 211,310 1,434,911 1,258,698 – 149,136 
 
 
Year ended 31st March 2023 Year ended 31st March 2022 
PSP RSP  Exceptional RSP1 Deferred Bonus PSP Exceptional PSP RSP Exceptional RSP Deferred Bonus 
Fair value of shares awarded (pence) 1,916.8 1,916.8 2,059.6 1,849.1 2,767.7 1,652.5 2,767.7 1,839.7 2,703.4 
Share price at the date of award (pence) 2,135.0 2,135.0 2,135.0 2,135.0 2,970.2 1,813.5 2,970.2 1,962.5 2,970.2 
Dividend rate 3.61% 3.61% 3.61% 3.61% 2.36% 3.86% 2.36% 3.92% 2.36% 
1. The group awarded an exceptional RSP scheme on 17th December 2021, and an exceptional PSP scheme on 1st March 2022 all other schemes have grant dates on 1st August each year. 
The fair value of shares awarded was calculated using a modified Black Scholes model based on the share price at the date of award adjusted for the present value of the expected dividends that will 
not be received at an expected dividend rate. 
At 31st March 2023, the weighted average remaining contracted life of the awarded PSP shares is 1.4 years (2022: 1.2 years) and 1.0 years (2022: 1.4 years) for the awarded RSP shares. 
31 Commitments 
Capital commitments - future capital expenditure contracted but notprovided
Group Parent company 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Property, plant and equipment 106 68 32 23 
Other intangible assets 25 21 25 11 
At 31st March 2023, precious metal leases were £138 million (31st March 2022: £140 million) at year end prices. 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 205
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
206 
32 Contingent liabilities 
The group is involved in various disputes and claims which arise from time to time in the course of its business including, for example, in relation to commercial matters, product quality or liability, 
employee matters and tax audits1. The group is also involved from time to time in the course of its business in legal proceedings and actions, engagement with regulatory authorities and in dispute 
resolution processes. These are reviewed on a regular basis and, where possible, an estimate is made of the potential financial impact on the group. In appropriate cases a provision is recognised 
based on advice, best estimates and management judgement. Where it is too early to determine the likely outcome of these matters, no provision is made. Whilst the group cannot predict the 
outcome of any current or future such matters with any certainty, it currently believes the likelihood of any material liabilities to be low, and that such liabilities, if any, will not have a material 
adverse effect on its consolidated income, financial position or cash flows. 
Following the sale of its Health business in May 2022, the group has been engaged in correspondence with the purchaser of the Health business, Veranova Bidco LP regarding certain warranties in 
the sale and purchase agreement (the “SPA”) dated 16th December 2021. The purchaser has issued a claim against the group entities in connection with: i) certain alleged representations said to 
have been made during the course of the negotiation of the SPA; and, ii) certain warranties given in the SPA at the time of signing. Having reviewed the claim with its advisers, the group is of the 
opinion that it has a defensible position in respect of these allegations and if required, it will vigorously defend its position. The outcome of any legal proceedings relating to this matter is not 
certain, nor is the group able to make a reliable estimate of the possible financial impact at this stage, if any. 
1. A previously disclosed contingent liability relating to failures in certain engine systems for which the group supplied a particular coated substrate as a component for that customer’s emissions after-treatment systems was settled on mutually acceptable terms with no admission of fault, see note 4. 
33 Transactions with related parties 
The group has a related party relationship with its associate, its post-employment benefit plans (note 24) and its key management personnel (below). Transactions between the Company and its 
subsidiaries, which are related parties of the Company, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. 
During the year the group recharged transition related costs of £8 million (2022: £nil) to related parties. The amounts owed by related parties were £3 million at 31st March 2023 (31st March 2022: £nil).  
The key management of the group and parent company consist of the Board of Directors and the members of the Group Leadership Team (GLT). During the year ended 31st March 2023, the GLT 
had an average of 12 members (2022: 9 members). The only transactions with any key management personnel was compensation charged in the year which was: 
 2023
£m 
2022 
£m   
Short term employee benefits 10 7 
Share-based payments 1 2 
Termination benefits – 1 
Non-executive directors' fees and benefits 1 1 
Total compensation of key management personnel 12 11 
There were no balances outstanding as at 31st March 2023 (31st March 2022: £nil). Information on directors’ remuneration is given in the Remuneration Report. 
Guarantees of subsidiaries’ liabilities are disclosed in note 47.  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023206
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
206 
32 Contingent liabilities 
The group is involved in various disputes and claims which arise from time to time in the course of its business including, for example, in relation to commercial matters, product quality or liability, 
employee matters and tax audits1. The group is also involved from time to time in the course of its business in legal proceedings and actions, engagement with regulatory authorities and in dispute 
resolution processes. These are reviewed on a regular basis and, where possible, an estimate is made of the potential financial impact on the group. In appropriate cases a provision is recognised 
based on advice, best estimates and management judgement. Where it is too early to determine the likely outcome of these matters, no provision is made. Whilst the group cannot predict the 
outcome of any current or future such matters with any certainty, it currently believes the likelihood of any material liabilities to be low, and that such liabilities, if any, will not have a material 
adverse effect on its consolidated income, financial position or cash flows. 
Following the sale of its Health business in May 2022, the group has been engaged in correspondence with the purchaser of the Health business, Veranova Bidco LP regarding certain warranties in 
the sale and purchase agreement (the “SPA”) dated 16th December 2021. The purchaser has issued a claim against the group entities in connection with: i) certain alleged representations said to 
have been made during the course of the negotiation of the SPA; and, ii) certain warranties given in the SPA at the time of signing. Having reviewed the claim with its advisers, the group is of the 
opinion that it has a defensible position in respect of these allegations and if required, it will vigorously defend its position. The outcome of any legal proceedings relating to this matter is not 
certain, nor is the group able to make a reliable estimate of the possible financial impact at this stage, if any. 
1. A previously disclosed contingent liability relating to failures in certain engine systems for which the group supplied a particular coated substrate as a component for that customer’s emissions after-treatment systems was settled on mutually acceptable terms with no admission of fault, see note 4. 
33 Transactions with related parties 
The group has a related party relationship with its associate, its post-employment benefit plans (note 24) and its key management personnel (below). Transactions between the Company and its 
subsidiaries, which are related parties of the Company, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. 
During the year the group recharged transition related costs of £8 million (2022: £nil) to related parties. The amounts owed by related parties were £3 million at 31st March 2023 (31st March 2022: £nil).  
The key management of the group and parent company consist of the Board of Directors and the members of the Group Leadership Team (GLT). During the year ended 31st March 2023, the GLT 
had an average of 12 members (2022: 9 members). The only transactions with any key management personnel was compensation charged in the year which was: 
 2023
£m 
2022 
£m   
Short term employee benefits 10 7 
Share-based payments 1 2 
Termination benefits – 1 
Non-executive directors' fees and benefits 1 1 
Total compensation of key management personnel 12 11 
There were no balances outstanding as at 31st March 2023 (31st March 2022: £nil). Information on directors’ remuneration is given in the Remuneration Report. 
Guarantees of subsidiaries’ liabilities are disclosed in note 47.  
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
207 
34 Non-GAAP measures 
The group uses various measures to manage its business which are not defined by generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The group’s management believes these measures provide 
valuable additional information to users of the accounts in understanding the group’s performance. Certain of these measures are financial Key Performance Indicators which measure progress 
against our strategy.  
All non-GAAP measures are on a continuing operations basis. 
Definitions 
Measure Definition Purpose
Sales1 Revenue excluding sales of precious metals to customers and the 
precious metal content of products sold to customers. 
Provides a better measure of the growth of the group as revenue 
can be heavily distorted by year on year fluctuations in the market 
prices of precious metals and, in many cases, the value of precious 
metals is passed directly on to customers. 
Underlying operating profit2 Operating profit excluding non-underlying items. Provides a measure of operating profitability that is comparable 
over time. 
Underlying operating profit margin1, 2 Underlying operating profit divided by sales.  Provides a measure of how we convert our sales into underlying 
operating profit and the efficiency of our business. 
Underlying profit before tax2 Profit before tax excluding non-underlying items. Provides a measure of profitability that is comparable over time. 
Underlying profit for the year2 Profit for the year excluding non-underlying items and related tax 
effects. 
Provides a measure of profitability that is comparable over time. 
Underlying earnings per share1, 2 Underlying profit for the year divided by the weighted average 
number of shares in issue. 
Our principal measure used to assess the overall profitability of 
the group. 
Return on invested capital (ROIC)1 Annualised underlying operating profit divided by the 12 month 
average capital employed (net debt plus equity), excluding 
average post tax pension net assets. 
Provides a measure of the group’s efficiency in allocating the 
capital under its control to profitable investments.  
Average working capital days (excluding precious metals)1 Monthly average of non-precious metal related inventories, trade 
and other receivables and trade and other payables (including 
any classified as held for sale) divided by sales for the last three 
months multiplied by 90 days. 
Provides a measure of efficiency in the business with lower days 
driving higher returns and a healthier liquidity position for the 
group. 
Free cash flow Net cash flow from operating activities after net interest paid, net 
purchases of non-current assets and investments, proceeds from 
disposal of businesses, dividends received from joint ventures and 
associates and the principal element of lease payments.  
Provides a measure of the cash the group generates through its 
operations, less capital expenditure. 
Net debt (including post tax pension deficits) to underlying 
EBITDA 
Net debt, including post tax pension deficits and quoted bonds 
purchased to fund the UK pension (excluded when the UK 
pension plan is in surplus) divided by underlying EBITDA for the 
same period.  
Provides a measure of the group’s ability to repay its debt. The 
group has a long-term target of net debt (including post tax 
pension deficits) to underlying EBITDA of between 1.5 and 2.0 
times, although in any given year it may fall outside this range 
depending on future plans. 
1. Key Performance Indicator. 
2. Underlying profit measures are before profit or loss on disposal of businesses, gain or loss on significant legal proceedings, together with associated legal costs, amortisation of acquired intangibles, major impairment and restructuring charges, share of profits or losses from non-strategic equity 
investments and, where relevant, related tax effects. These items have been excluded by management as they are not deemed to be relevant to an understanding of the underlying performance of the business.  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 207
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
208 
34 Non-GAAP measures continued 
Underlying profit measures exclude the following non-underlying items which are shown separately on the face of the income statement: 
• Profit on disposal of businesses, The group recognised £12 million profit on the disposal of businesses (2022: £106 million), see note 27. 
• Amortisation of acquired intangibles, Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which arose on the acquisition of businesses totalled £5 million (2022: £6 million). 
• Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings, The group recognised a loss on significant legal proceedings of £25 million (2022: £42 million gain). 
• Major impairment and restructuring charges, The group recognised £41 million in major impairment and restructuring charges (2022: £440 million), see note 6. 
• Share of losses of associates,  The group recognised £1 million for its share of losses of associates (2022: £nil), see note 15.  
Reconciliations to GAAP measures 
Sales 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Revenue (note 3) 14,933 16,025 
Less: sales of precious metals to customers (note 3) (10,732) (12,247) 
Sales 4,201 3,778 
Underlying profit measures 
Year ended 31st March 2023 
 
Operating profit
£m 
Profit before tax
£m 
Tax expense
£m 
Profit for the year 
£m  
Underlying 465 404 (78) 326 
Profit on disposal of businesses 12 12 (1) 11 
Amortisation of acquired intangibles (5) (5) 1 (4) 
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings (25) (25) 5 (20) 
Major impairment and restructuring charges (41) (41) (7) (48) 
Share of losses of associates – (1) – (1) 
Reported 406 344 (80) 264 
Year ended 31st March 2022 
 
Operating profit
£m 
Profit before tax
£m 
Tax expense
£m 
Profit for the year 
£m  
Underlying 553 493 (86) 407 
Profit on disposal of businesses 106 106 (4) 102 
Amortisation of acquired intangibles (6) (6) 1 (5) 
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings 42 42 (6) 36 
Major impairment and restructuring charges (440) (440) 16 (424) 
Reported 255 195 (79) 116 
 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023208
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
208 
34 Non-GAAP measures continued 
Underlying profit measures exclude the following non-underlying items which are shown separately on the face of the income statement: 
• Profit on disposal of businesses, The group recognised £12 million profit on the disposal of businesses (2022: £106 million), see note 27. 
• Amortisation of acquired intangibles, Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which arose on the acquisition of businesses totalled £5 million (2022: £6 million). 
• Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings, The group recognised a loss on significant legal proceedings of £25 million (2022: £42 million gain). 
• Major impairment and restructuring charges, The group recognised £41 million in major impairment and restructuring charges (2022: £440 million), see note 6. 
• Share of losses of associates,  The group recognised £1 million for its share of losses of associates (2022: £nil), see note 15.  
Reconciliations to GAAP measures 
Sales 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Revenue (note 3) 14,933 16,025 
Less: sales of precious metals to customers (note 3) (10,732) (12,247) 
Sales 4,201 3,778 
Underlying profit measures 
Year ended 31st March 2023 
 
Operating profit
£m 
Profit before tax
£m 
Tax expense
£m 
Profit for the year 
£m  
Underlying 465 404 (78) 326 
Profit on disposal of businesses 12 12 (1) 11 
Amortisation of acquired intangibles (5) (5) 1 (4) 
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings (25) (25) 5 (20) 
Major impairment and restructuring charges (41) (41) (7) (48) 
Share of losses of associates – (1) – (1) 
Reported 406 344 (80) 264 
Year ended 31st March 2022 
 
Operating profit
£m 
Profit before tax
£m 
Tax expense
£m 
Profit for the year 
£m  
Underlying 553 493 (86) 407 
Profit on disposal of businesses 106 106 (4) 102 
Amortisation of acquired intangibles (6) (6) 1 (5) 
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings 42 42 (6) 36 
Major impairment and restructuring charges (440) (440) 16 (424) 
Reported 255 195 (79) 116 
 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
 
209 
34 Non-GAAP measures continued 
Underlying earnings per share 
 2023 2022 
Underlying profit for the year (£ million) 326 407
Weighted average number of shares in issue (number) 183,012,301 191,568,756
Underlying earnings per share (pence) 178.6 213.2
Return on invested capital (ROIC) - unaudited 
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Underlying operating profit 465 553
Average net debt 1,267 877
Average equity 2,524 2,467
Average capital employed 3,791 3,344
Less: Average pension net assets (312) (221)
Less: Average related deferred taxation 84 48
Average capital employed (excluding post tax pension net 
assets) 3,563 3,171
ROIC (excluding post tax pension net assets) 13.1% 17.4%
ROIC 12.3% 16.5%
Average working capital days (excluding precious metals) - unaudited  
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Inventories 1,702 1,549
Trade and other receivables 1,882 1,796
Trade and other payables (2,497) (2,563)
 1,087 782
Working capital balances classified as held for sale 22 –
Total working capital 1,109 782
Less: Precious metal working capital (622) (562)
Working capital (excluding precious metals) 487 220
Average working capital days (excluding precious metals) 42 36
Free cash flow from continuing operations 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Net cash inflow from operating activities 291 605 
Interest received 28 32 
Interest paid (94) (111) 
Purchases of property, plant and equipment (253) (358) 
Purchases of intangible assets (63) (95) 
Purchases of investments held at fair value through other 
comprehensive income (17) – 
Government grant income 7 – 
Net proceeds from sale of businesses 187 160 
Proceeds from sale of non-current assets 8 1 
Proceeds from sale of investment in joint ventures 2 – 
Principal element of lease payments (14) (14) 
Less: Free cash (inflow) / outflow from discontinued 
operations (8) 1 
Free cash flow 74 221 
 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 209
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
210 
34 Non-GAAP measures continued 
Net debt (including post tax pension deficits) to underlying EBITDA 
 
2023 
£m 
2022 
£m 
Cash and deposits 129 254
Money market funds 521 137
Bank overdrafts (13) (37)
Bank overdrafts transferred to liabilities classified as held for sale – (8)
Cash and cash equivalents 637 346
Less: Cash and cash equivalents - bank overdrafts from discontinued 
operations – 8
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations 637 354
Interest rate swaps - non-current assets 20 12
Interest rate swaps – non-current liabilities (15) (2)
Borrowings and related swaps - current (155) (265)
Borrowings and related swaps - non-current (1,460) (899)
Lease liabilities - current (9) (10)
Lease liabilities - non-current (31) (40)
Lease liabilities - current - transferred to liabilities classified as held 
for sale (1) (2)
Lease liabilities - non-current - transferred to liabilities classified as 
held for sale (9) (7)
Less: Lease liabilities relating to discontinued operations – 3
Net debt (1,023) (856)
Increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 287 (205)
Less: (Increase) / decrease in cash and cash equivalents from 
discontinued operations (8) 3
Less: (Increase) / decrease in borrowings (391) 131
Less: Principal element of lease payments 14 14
Less: Principal element of lease payments from 
discontinued operations – (1)
Increase in net debt resulting from cash flows (98) (58)
 
 
2023 
£m 
2022  
£m  
New leases, remeasurements and modifications (13) (9) 
Less: New leases, remeasurements and modifications from 
discontinued operations – 3 
Exchange differences on net debt (53) (24) 
Other non-cash movements (3) 2 
Movement in net debt (167) (86) 
Net debt at beginning of year (856) (770) 
Net debt at end of year (1,023) (856) 
Net debt (1,023) (856) 
Add: Pension deficits (21) (29) 
Add: Related deferred tax 2 4 
Net debt (including post tax pension deficits) (1,042) (881) 
Underlying operating profit 465 553 
Add back: Depreciation and amortisation excluding amortisation of 
acquired intangibles 182 171 
Underlying EBITDA 647 724 
Net debt (including post tax pension deficits) to underlying EBITDA 1.6 1.2 
 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Underlying EBITDA 647 724 
Depreciation and amortisation (187) (177) 
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings (25) 42 
Major impairment and restructuring charges (41) (440) 
Profit on disposal of businesses 12 106 
Finance costs (110) (101) 
Investment income 49 41 
Share of losses of associates (1) – 
Income tax expense (80) (79) 
Profit for the year from continuing operations 264 116 
35 Events after the balance sheet date 
On 3rd May 2023, the group agreed to sell its Diagnostic Services business to Sullivan Street 
Partners and Souter Investments. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023210
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
210 
34 Non-GAAP measures continued 
Net debt (including post tax pension deficits) to underlying EBITDA 
 
2023 
£m 
2022 
£m 
Cash and deposits 129 254
Money market funds 521 137
Bank overdrafts (13) (37)
Bank overdrafts transferred to liabilities classified as held for sale – (8)
Cash and cash equivalents 637 346
Less: Cash and cash equivalents - bank overdrafts from discontinued 
operations – 8
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations 637 354
Interest rate swaps - non-current assets 20 12
Interest rate swaps – non-current liabilities (15) (2)
Borrowings and related swaps - current (155) (265)
Borrowings and related swaps - non-current (1,460) (899)
Lease liabilities - current (9) (10)
Lease liabilities - non-current (31) (40)
Lease liabilities - current - transferred to liabilities classified as held 
for sale (1) (2)
Lease liabilities - non-current - transferred to liabilities classified as 
held for sale (9) (7)
Less: Lease liabilities relating to discontinued operations – 3
Net debt (1,023) (856)
Increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 287 (205)
Less: (Increase) / decrease in cash and cash equivalents from 
discontinued operations (8) 3
Less: (Increase) / decrease in borrowings (391) 131
Less: Principal element of lease payments 14 14
Less: Principal element of lease payments from 
discontinued operations – (1)
Increase in net debt resulting from cash flows (98) (58)
 
 
2023 
£m 
2022  
£m  
New leases, remeasurements and modifications (13) (9) 
Less: New leases, remeasurements and modifications from 
discontinued operations – 3 
Exchange differences on net debt (53) (24) 
Other non-cash movements (3) 2 
Movement in net debt (167) (86) 
Net debt at beginning of year (856) (770) 
Net debt at end of year (1,023) (856) 
Net debt (1,023) (856) 
Add: Pension deficits (21) (29) 
Add: Related deferred tax 2 4 
Net debt (including post tax pension deficits) (1,042) (881) 
Underlying operating profit 465 553 
Add back: Depreciation and amortisation excluding amortisation of 
acquired intangibles 182 171 
Underlying EBITDA 647 724 
Net debt (including post tax pension deficits) to underlying EBITDA 1.6 1.2 
 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Underlying EBITDA 647 724 
Depreciation and amortisation (187) (177) 
Gains and losses on significant legal proceedings (25) 42 
Major impairment and restructuring charges (41) (440) 
Profit on disposal of businesses 12 106 
Finance costs (110) (101) 
Investment income 49 41 
Share of losses of associates (1) – 
Income tax expense (80) (79) 
Profit for the year from continuing operations 264 116 
35 Events after the balance sheet date 
On 3rd May 2023, the group agreed to sell its Diagnostic Services business to Sullivan Street 
Partners and Souter Investments. 
 
Parent Company Statement of Financial Position 
as at 31st March 2023 
211 
 Notes 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Assets 
Non-current assets 
Property, plant and equipment 37 350 322
Right-of-use assets 5 7
Goodwill 38 113 113
Other intangible assets 39 247 233
Investments in subsidiaries 40 2,074 1,921
Other receivables 41 1,040 1,598
Interest rate swaps 20 12
Other financial assets 42 48 –
Deferred tax assets – 2
Post-employment benefit net assets 43 196 351
Total non-current assets 4,093 4,559
Current assets 
Inventories 44 821 566
Taxation recoverable 1 31
Trade and other receivables 41 2,012 1,941
Cash and cash equivalents 540 200
Other financial assets 42 51 27
Assets classified as held for sale – 17
Total current assets 3,425 2,782
Total assets 7,518 7,341
Liabilities 
Current liabilities 
Trade and other payables 45 (3,747) (4,258)
Lease liabilities (2) (3)
Cash and cash equivalents - bank overdrafts (3) (34)
Borrowings and related swaps 46 (151) (255)
Other financial liabilities 42 (33) (46)
Provisions 47 (91) (162)
Liabilities classified as held for sale – (5)
Total current liabilities (4,027) (4,763)
 
 Notes 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Non-current liabilities  
Borrowings and related swaps 46 (1,460) (899) 
Lease liabilities (4) (7) 
Deferred tax liabilities (4) – 
Interest rate swaps (15) (2) 
Employee benefit obligations 43 (7) (27) 
Other financial liabilities 42 – (12) 
Provisions 47 (12) (16) 
Trade and other payables 45 (489) (268) 
Total non-current liabilities (1,991) (1,231) 
Total liabilities (6,018) (5,994) 
Net assets 1,500 1,347 
Equity  
Share capital 48 215 218 
Share premium 148 148 
Treasury shares (19) (24) 
Other reserves 48 71 (19) 
Retained earnings1 1,085 1,024 
Total equity 1,500 1,347 
1. The parent company's profit for the year is £314 million (2022: £334 million). 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 211
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
 
Parent Company Statement of Changes in Equity  
for the year ended 31st March 2023  
212 
 
Share 
capital 
£m 
Share
premium
account
£m 
Treasury 
Shares
£m 
Other 
reserves 
(note 48) 
Retained
earnings
£m 
Total 
equity 
£m 
At 1st April 2021 221 148 (29) 4 900 1,244 
Profit for the year – – – – 334 334 
Remeasurements of post-employment benefit assets and liabilities – – – – 156 156 
Amounts charged to hedging reserve – – – (34) – (34) 
Tax on other comprehensive income / (expense) – – – 8 (30) (22) 
Total comprehensive income – – – (26) 460 434 
Dividends paid (note 48) – – – – (139) (139) 
Purchase of treasury shares (note 48) (3) – – 3 (200) (200) 
Share-based payments – – – – 11 11 
Cost of shares transferred to employees – – 5 – (8) (3) 
At 31st March 2022 218 148 (24) (19) 1,024 1,347 
Profit for the year – – – – 314 314 
Remeasurements of post-employment benefit assets and liabilities – – – – (143) (143) 
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations – – – – (8) (8) 
Amounts credited to hedging reserve – – – 114 – 114 
Tax on other comprehensive (expense) / income – – – (27) 37 10 
Total comprehensive income – – – 87 200 287 
Dividends paid (note 48) – – – – (141) (141) 
Purchase of treasury shares (note 48) (3) – – 3 (1) (1) 
Share-based payments – – – – 13 13 
Cost of shares transferred to employees – – 5 – (10) (5) 
At 31st March 2023 215 148 (19) 71 1,085 1,500 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023212
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
 
Parent Company Statement of Changes in Equity  
for the year ended 31st March 2023  
212 
 
Share 
capital 
£m 
Share
premium
account
£m 
Treasury 
Shares
£m 
Other 
reserves 
(note 48) 
Retained
earnings
£m 
Total 
equity 
£m 
At 1st April 2021 221 148 (29) 4 900 1,244 
Profit for the year – – – – 334 334 
Remeasurements of post-employment benefit assets and liabilities – – – – 156 156 
Amounts charged to hedging reserve – – – (34) – (34) 
Tax on other comprehensive income / (expense) – – – 8 (30) (22) 
Total comprehensive income – – – (26) 460 434 
Dividends paid (note 48) – – – – (139) (139) 
Purchase of treasury shares (note 48) (3) – – 3 (200) (200) 
Share-based payments – – – – 11 11 
Cost of shares transferred to employees – – 5 – (8) (3) 
At 31st March 2022 218 148 (24) (19) 1,024 1,347 
Profit for the year – – – – 314 314 
Remeasurements of post-employment benefit assets and liabilities – – – – (143) (143) 
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations – – – – (8) (8) 
Amounts credited to hedging reserve – – – 114 – 114 
Tax on other comprehensive (expense) / income – – – (27) 37 10 
Total comprehensive income – – – 87 200 287 
Dividends paid (note 48) – – – – (141) (141) 
Purchase of treasury shares (note 48) (3) – – 3 (1) (1) 
Share-based payments – – – – 13 13 
Cost of shares transferred to employees – – 5 – (10) (5) 
At 31st March 2023 215 148 (19) 71 1,085 1,500 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
213 
36 Accounting policies - parent company  
Basis of accounting and preparation - parent company 
The accounts are prepared on a going concern basis in accordance with Financial Reporting 
Standard (FRS) 101, Reduced Disclosure Framework, issued in September 2015 and the 
Companies Act 2006 applicable to companies reporting under FRS 101. The parent company 
applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of international 
accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006, but 
makes amendments where necessary to comply with the Act and has set out below the FRS 
101 disclosure exemptions taken by the parent company: 
• the requirements of paragraphs 45(b) and 46 to 52 of IFRS 2, Share-based Payment; 
• the requirements of IFRS 7, Financial Instruments: Disclosures; 
• the requirements of paragraphs 91 to 99 of IFRS 13, Fair Value Measurement; 
• the requirements of the second sentence of paragraph 110 and paragraphs 113(a), 114, 
115, 118, 119(a) to (c), 120 to 127 and 129 of IFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts with 
Customers; 
• the requirement in paragraph 38 of IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements, to present 
comparative information in respect of: paragraph 73(e) of IAS 16, Property, Plant and 
Equipment; and paragraph 118(e) of IAS 38, Intangible Assets; 
• the requirements of paragraphs 10(d), 38A, 38B, 40A, 40B, 40C, 40D, 111 and 134 to 
136 of IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements; 
• the requirements of IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows; 
• the requirements of paragraphs 30 and 31 of IAS 8, Accounting Policies, Changes in 
Accounting Estimates and Errors; 
• the requirements of paragraph 17 of IAS 24, Related Party Disclosures; 
• the requirements in IAS 24, Related Party Disclosures, to disclose related party transactions 
entered into between two or more members of a group, provided that any subsidiary which 
is a party to the transaction is wholly owned by such a member; and  
• the requirements of paragraphs 130(f)(ii), 130(f)(iii), 134(d), 134(f) and 135(c) to 
135(e) of IAS 36, Impairment of Assets. 
The accounts are prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain assets and liabilities 
which are measured at fair value as explained below. 
The parent company has not presented its own income statement, statement of total 
comprehensive income and related notes as permitted by Section 408(3) of the Companies 
Act 2006. Profit for the year is disclosed in the parent company statement of financial position 
and statement of changes in equity. 
In the parent statement of financial position, businesses acquired from other group 
companies are recognised at book value at the date of acquisition. The difference between the 
consideration paid and the book value of the net assets acquired is reflected in retained 
earnings. 
Significant accounting policies 
The group’s and parent company’s accounting policies have been applied consistently during 
the current and prior year, other than where new policies have been adopted (see note 1). 
The group’s and parent company’s significant accounting policies are consistent (see note 1) 
with the exception of the following parent company accounting policies: 
Investments in subsidiaries 
Investments in subsidiaries are stated in the parent company’s balance sheet at cost less any 
provisions for impairment. If a distribution is received from a subsidiary, the investment in that 
subsidiary is assessed for an indication of impairment. 
Provisions and contingencies 
Where the parent company enters into financial guarantee contracts to guarantee the 
indebtedness of other companies within its group, these guarantee contracts are considered 
to be contingent liabilities until such time as it becomes probable that the company will be 
required to make a payment under the guarantee. 
Sources of estimation uncertainty and judgements made in applying 
accounting policies 
The group’s and parent company’s sources of estimation uncertainty and judgements made in 
applying accounting policies are consistent – see note 1 for further information. 
 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 213
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
214 
37 Property, plant and equipment 
 
Land 
and buildings 
£m 
Leasehold
improvements
£m 
Plant and
machinery
£m 
Assets in
the course of
construction
£m 
Total
£m 
Cost  
At 31st March 2022 126 3 658 130 917
Additions – – 6 66 72
Transfers from assets in the course of 
construction 3 – 32 (35) –
Disposals – (1) (13) (3) (17)
Disposals of businesses – – – (1) (1)
At 31st March 2023 129 2 683 157 971
Accumulated depreciation and 
impairment  
At 31st March 2022 84 2 509 – 595
Charge for the year 2 – 31 – 33
Impairment losses  – – 1 3 4
Disposals – – (7) (3) (10)
Disposals of businesses – – – (1) (1)
At 31st March 2023 86 2 534 (1) 621
Carrying amount at 31st March 
2023 43 – 149 158 350
Carrying amount at 31st March 2022 42 1 149 130 322
Finance costs capitalised were £1 million (2022: £1 million) and the capitalisation rate used 
to determine the amount of finance costs eligible for capitalisation was 4.0% (2022: 4.2%).  
 
38 Goodwill 
 
Total 
£m 
Cost  
At 1st April 2021, 31st March 2022 and 31st March 2023 123 
Impairment  
At 1st April 2021 8 
Impairment losses 2 
At 31st March 2022 and 31st March 2023 10 
Carrying amount at 31st March 2023 113 
Carrying amount at 31st March 2022 113 
Carrying amount at 1st April 2021 115 
The parent company’s goodwill balance of £113 million relates to the Catalyst Technologies 
cash-generating unit. Refer to note 5 for further information on the impairment testing 
performed. 
 
39 Other intangible assets 
 
Computer
software
£m 
Patents, 
trademarks
and licences
£m 
Acquired 
research and 
technology
£m 
Development
expenditure
£m 
Total 
£m 
Cost  
At 31st March 2022 382 19 5 13 419 
Additions 45 2 – – 47 
Disposals – (1) – – (1) 
At 31st March 2023 427 20 5 13 465 
Accumulated amortisation and 
impairment  
At 31st March 2022 149 16 4 17 186 
Charge for the year 29 – – – 29 
Impairment losses  3 – – – 3 
At 31st March 2023 181 16 4 17 218 
Carrying amount at 31st March 2023 246 4 1 (4) 247 
Carrying amount at 31st March 2022 233 3 1 (4) 233 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023214
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
214 
37 Property, plant and equipment 
 
Land 
and buildings 
£m 
Leasehold
improvements
£m 
Plant and
machinery
£m 
Assets in
the course of
construction
£m 
Total
£m 
Cost  
At 31st March 2022 126 3 658 130 917
Additions – – 6 66 72
Transfers from assets in the course of 
construction 3 – 32 (35) –
Disposals – (1) (13) (3) (17)
Disposals of businesses – – – (1) (1)
At 31st March 2023 129 2 683 157 971
Accumulated depreciation and 
impairment  
At 31st March 2022 84 2 509 – 595
Charge for the year 2 – 31 – 33
Impairment losses  – – 1 3 4
Disposals – – (7) (3) (10)
Disposals of businesses – – – (1) (1)
At 31st March 2023 86 2 534 (1) 621
Carrying amount at 31st March 
2023 43 – 149 158 350
Carrying amount at 31st March 2022 42 1 149 130 322
Finance costs capitalised were £1 million (2022: £1 million) and the capitalisation rate used 
to determine the amount of finance costs eligible for capitalisation was 4.0% (2022: 4.2%).  
 
38 Goodwill 
 
Total 
£m 
Cost  
At 1st April 2021, 31st March 2022 and 31st March 2023 123 
Impairment  
At 1st April 2021 8 
Impairment losses 2 
At 31st March 2022 and 31st March 2023 10 
Carrying amount at 31st March 2023 113 
Carrying amount at 31st March 2022 113 
Carrying amount at 1st April 2021 115 
The parent company’s goodwill balance of £113 million relates to the Catalyst Technologies 
cash-generating unit. Refer to note 5 for further information on the impairment testing 
performed. 
 
39 Other intangible assets 
 
Computer
software
£m 
Patents, 
trademarks
and licences
£m 
Acquired 
research and 
technology
£m 
Development
expenditure
£m 
Total 
£m 
Cost  
At 31st March 2022 382 19 5 13 419 
Additions 45 2 – – 47 
Disposals – (1) – – (1) 
At 31st March 2023 427 20 5 13 465 
Accumulated amortisation and 
impairment  
At 31st March 2022 149 16 4 17 186 
Charge for the year 29 – – – 29 
Impairment losses  3 – – – 3 
At 31st March 2023 181 16 4 17 218 
Carrying amount at 31st March 2023 246 4 1 (4) 247 
Carrying amount at 31st March 2022 233 3 1 (4) 233 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
215 
40 Investments in subsidiaries  
 
Cost of
investments in
subsidiaries
£m 
Accumulated
impairment
£m 
Carrying
amount
£m 
At 31st March 2022 2,183 (262) 1,921
Additions 202 – 202
Disposals (49) – (49)
At 31st March 2023 2,336 (262) 2,074
The parent company’s subsidiaries are shown in note 49. 
41 Trade and other receivables 
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Current 
Trade receivables 160 141
Contract receivables 23 16
Amounts receivable from subsidiaries 1,479 1,604
Prepayments 37 26
Value added tax and other sales tax receivable 49 23
Amounts receivable under precious metal sale and repurchase 
agreements 222 114
Other receivables 42 17
Trade and other receivables 2,012 1,941
Non-current 
Amounts receivable from subsidiaries 1,015 1,598
Advance payment to customers 25 –
Other receivables 1,040 1,598
Of the parent company’s amounts receivable from subsidiaries, £140 million is impaired 
(2022: £441 million). The parent company recognised an impairment during the year of £2 
million in respect of amounts receivable from the remaining Health business and £1 million in 
relation to amounts receivable from the Battery Systems business, Future expected credit 
losses on intercompany receivables are immaterial. 
Trade receivables and contract receivables are net of expected credit losses.  
42 Other financial assets and liabilities 
The parent company non-current other financial assets and non-current other financial 
liabilities are consistent with the group balances - see note 18. 
 
2023
£m 
2022 
£m 
Current assets  
Forward foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges 15 5 
Forward precious metal price contracts designated as cash flow 
hedges 30 – 
Forward foreign exchange contracts and currency swaps at fair value 
through profit or loss 6 22 
Other financial assets 51 27 
Current liabilities  
Forward foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges (19) (11) 
Forward precious metal price contracts designated as cash flow 
hedges – (20) 
Forward foreign exchange contracts and currency swaps at fair value 
through profit or loss (14) (15) 
Other financial liabilities (33) (46) 
43 Post-employment benefits 
The parent company is the sponsoring employer of the group’s UK defined benefit pension 
plan and the UK post-retirement medical benefits plan. There is no contractual agreement or 
stated policy for charging the net defined benefit cost for the plans to the individual group 
entities. The parent company recognises the net defined benefit cost for these plans and 
information is disclosed in note 24. 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 215
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
216 
44 Inventories 
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Raw materials and consumables 46 45
Work in progress 729 488
Finished goods and goods for resale 46 33
Inventories 821 566
45 Trade and other payables 
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Current 
Trade payables 236 222
Contract liabilities 53 35
Amounts payable to subsidiaries 2,340 2,869
Accruals 170 220
Amounts payable under precious metal sale and repurchase 
agreements 813 684
Other payables 135 228
Trade and other payables 3,747 4,258
Non-current 
Amounts payable to subsidiaries 488 267
Other payables 1 1
Trade and other payables 489 268
46 Borrowings and related swaps 
The parent company's non-current borrowings and related swaps are consistent with the 
group balances with the exception of the cross currency interest rate swaps of £5 million 
(2022: £2 million) which are designated as fair value hedges instead of net investment 
hedges - see note 20. 
 
2023 
£m 
2022 
£m 
Current 
€166 million EIB loan 2022 – (140)
3.26% $150 million Bonds 2022  – (115)
2.99% $165 million Bonds 2023 (133) –
2.44% €20 million Bonds 2023 (18) –
Borrowings and related swaps (151) (255)
47 Provisions 
 
Restructuring
provisions
£m 
Other
provisions
£m 
Total 
£m  
At 1st April 2021 33 172 205 
Charge for the year 7 3 10 
Net sale of metal – (28) (28) 
Utilised (7) – (7) 
Released (2) – (2) 
At 31st March 2022 31 147 178 
Charge for the year 17 – 17 
Net sale of metal – (77) (77) 
Utilised (15) – (15) 
At 31st March 2023 33 70 103 
  
  
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
Current 91 162 
Non-current 12 16 
Total provisions 103 178 
The restructuring provisions are part of the parent company’s efficiency initiatives. 
The other provisions include provisions to buy metal to cover short positions created by the 
parent company selling metal to cover price risk on metal owned by subsidiaries. Amounts 
provided reflect management's best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the 
obligations at the balance sheet date. 
The parent company also guarantees some of its subsidiaries’ borrowings and its exposure at 
31st March 2023 was £4 million (2022: £4 million). 
 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023216
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
216 
44 Inventories 
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Raw materials and consumables 46 45
Work in progress 729 488
Finished goods and goods for resale 46 33
Inventories 821 566
45 Trade and other payables 
 
2023
£m 
2022
£m 
Current 
Trade payables 236 222
Contract liabilities 53 35
Amounts payable to subsidiaries 2,340 2,869
Accruals 170 220
Amounts payable under precious metal sale and repurchase 
agreements 813 684
Other payables 135 228
Trade and other payables 3,747 4,258
Non-current 
Amounts payable to subsidiaries 488 267
Other payables 1 1
Trade and other payables 489 268
46 Borrowings and related swaps 
The parent company's non-current borrowings and related swaps are consistent with the 
group balances with the exception of the cross currency interest rate swaps of £5 million 
(2022: £2 million) which are designated as fair value hedges instead of net investment 
hedges - see note 20. 
 
2023 
£m 
2022 
£m 
Current 
€166 million EIB loan 2022 – (140)
3.26% $150 million Bonds 2022  – (115)
2.99% $165 million Bonds 2023 (133) –
2.44% €20 million Bonds 2023 (18) –
Borrowings and related swaps (151) (255)
47 Provisions 
 
Restructuring
provisions
£m 
Other
provisions
£m 
Total 
£m  
At 1st April 2021 33 172 205 
Charge for the year 7 3 10 
Net sale of metal – (28) (28) 
Utilised (7) – (7) 
Released (2) – (2) 
At 31st March 2022 31 147 178 
Charge for the year 17 – 17 
Net sale of metal – (77) (77) 
Utilised (15) – (15) 
At 31st March 2023 33 70 103 
  
  
2023
£m 
2022 
£m  
Current 91 162 
Non-current 12 16 
Total provisions 103 178 
The restructuring provisions are part of the parent company’s efficiency initiatives. 
The other provisions include provisions to buy metal to cover short positions created by the 
parent company selling metal to cover price risk on metal owned by subsidiaries. Amounts 
provided reflect management's best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the 
obligations at the balance sheet date. 
The parent company also guarantees some of its subsidiaries’ borrowings and its exposure at 
31st March 2023 was £4 million (2022: £4 million). 
 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
217 
48 Share capital and other reserves 
Share capital and dividends 
The group and parent company disclosures relating to share capital, dividends and purchase of treasury shares are the same. Refer to note 25 for further information. 
Other reserves  
 
Capital 
redemption 
reserve 
£m 
Fair value through
other 
comprehensive 
income reserve
£m 
Hedging reserve  
Forward 
currency
 contracts
£m 
Cross
currency
swaps
£m 
Forward 
metal
 contracts
£m 
Total 
other 
reserves 
£m 
At 1st April 2021 7 – 5 – (8) 4 
Cash flow hedges – (losses) / gains taken to equity – – (12) 3 (31) (40) 
Cash flow hedges – transferred to revenue (income statement) – –2––2  
Cash flow hedges – transferred to foreign exchange (income statement) – – – (3) – (3) 
Cash flow hedges – transferred inventory (balance sheet) –  – – – 7 7 
Cancelled ordinary shares from share buyback 3 ––––3  
Tax on items taken directly to or transferred from equity – –––88  
At 31st March 2022 10 – (5) – (24) (19) 
Cash flow hedges – (losses) / gains taken to equity – – (9) 9 72 72 
Cash flow hedges – transferred to revenue (income statement) – – 4 – 38 42 
Cash flow hedges – transferred to cost of sales (income statement) – – 7 – – 7 
Cash flow hedges ─ transferred to foreign exchange (income statement) – – – (7) – (7) 
Cancelled ordinary shares from share buyback 3 – – – – 3 
Tax on items taken directly to or transferred from equity – – – (1) (26) (27) 
At 31st March 2023 13 – (3) 1 60 71 
  
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 217
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
218 
49 Related undertakings 
A full list of related undertakings at 31st March 2023 (comprising subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates) is set out below. Those held directly by the parent company are marked with an asterisk 
(*) and those held jointly by the parent company and a subsidiary are marked with a cross (+). All the companies are wholly owned unless otherwise stated. All the related undertakings are involved 
in the principal activities of the group. Unless otherwise stated, the share class of each related undertaking comprises ordinary shares only. 
 Entity Registered address 
+ 
Johnson Matthey Argentina S.A. Tucumán 1, Piso 4, C1049AAA, Buenos Aires, Argentina 
 
Tracerco Argentina S.A.U.5 Edificio Republica, Tucumán 1, Piso 3 Ciudad Autanoma de Buenos Aires, C1049AAA, Buenos Aires, Argentina 
 
Johnson Matthey (Aust.) Ltd 64 Lillee Crescent, Tullamarine VIC 3043, Australia 
+ 
Johnson Matthey Holdings Limited 64 Lillee Crescent, Tullamarine VIC 3043, Australia 
+ 
Johnson Matthey Belgium Pegasuslaan 5, 1831 Diegem, Belgium 
+ 
Tracerco Europe BV Zone 3, Doorneveld 115, 1731 Zellik, Brussels, Belgium 
 
The Argent Insurance Co. Limited Rosebank Centre, 5th Floor, 11 Bermudiana Road, Pembroke HM 08, Bermuda 
 
Johnson Matthey Brasil Ltda Avenida Macuco, 726, 12th Floor, Edifício International Office, CEP04523-001, Brazil 
 
Tracerco do Brasil - Diagnosticos de Processos Industriais Ltda Estrada dos Bandeirantes, 1793, Curicica, Jacarepagua, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 
 
Tracerco Radioactive Diagnostic Services Canada Inc. 8908 60 Avenue NW, Edmonton AB, T6E 6A6, Canada 
 
Johnson Matthey Argillon (Shanghai) Emission Control  
Technologies Ltd. 
Ground Floor, Building 2, No. 298, Rongle East Road, Songjiang Industrial Zone, Shanghai 201613, China 
 
Johnson Matthey Battery Materials (Changzhou) Co., Ltd. A10 Building, No.2 Xinzhu Road, Xinbei District, Changzhou, China 
 
Johnson Matthey Chemical Process Technologies (Shanghai)  
Company Limited 
Room 1066, Building 1, No 215 Lian He Bei Lu, Fengxian District, Shanghai, China 
 
Johnson Matthey (China) Trade Co., Ltd 1st, 2nd and 3rd Floor, Building 2, No. 598 Dongxing Road, Songjiang Industrial Zone, Shanghai, China 
 
Johnson Matthey Clean Energy Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd Unit 01/14th Floor, Pacific Century Place, 2A Gong Ti Bei Lu, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China Ti Bei Lu, Chaoyang 
District, Beijing, China 
 
Johnson Matthey (Shanghai) Catalyst Co., Ltd. 586 Dongxing Road, Songjiang Industry Zone, Shanghai, 201613, China 
 
Johnson Matthey (Shanghai) Chemicals Limited 588 and 598 Dongxing Road, Songjiang Industry Zone, Shanghai, 201613, China 
 
Johnson Matthey (Shanghai) Trading Limited Room 1615B, No. 118 Xinling Road, Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone, China 
 
Johnson Matthey (Tianjin) Chemical Co., Ltd. Room 2007, No. 16, Third Avenue, Tianjin Economic-Technological Development Zone, Tianjin, China 
 
Johnson Matthey (Zhangjiagang) Environmental Protection  
Technology Co., Ltd 
No. 9 Dongxin Road, Jiangsu Yangtze River International Chemical Industrial Park, Jiangsu Province, China 
 
Johnson Matthey (Zhangjiagang) Precious Metal Technology Co., Ltd. No. 48, the west of Beijing Road, Jingang Town, Yangtze River International Chemical Industrial Park, Jiangsu, China 
 
Johnson Matthey A/S c/o Lundgrens Advokatpartnerselskab, Tuborg Boulevard 12, 4., 2900 Hellerup, Denmark 
* 
AG Holding Ltd 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
* 
Cascade Biochem Limited1 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
 
Ilumink Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
* 
JMEPS Trustees Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
 
Johnson Matthey Battery Systems Engineering Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
* 
Johnson Matthey Battery Materials Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
* 
Johnson Matthey Davy Technologies Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023218
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
218 
49 Related undertakings 
A full list of related undertakings at 31st March 2023 (comprising subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates) is set out below. Those held directly by the parent company are marked with an asterisk 
(*) and those held jointly by the parent company and a subsidiary are marked with a cross (+). All the companies are wholly owned unless otherwise stated. All the related undertakings are involved 
in the principal activities of the group. Unless otherwise stated, the share class of each related undertaking comprises ordinary shares only. 
 Entity Registered address 
+ 
Johnson Matthey Argentina S.A. Tucumán 1, Piso 4, C1049AAA, Buenos Aires, Argentina 
 
Tracerco Argentina S.A.U.5 Edificio Republica, Tucumán 1, Piso 3 Ciudad Autanoma de Buenos Aires, C1049AAA, Buenos Aires, Argentina 
 
Johnson Matthey (Aust.) Ltd 64 Lillee Crescent, Tullamarine VIC 3043, Australia 
+ 
Johnson Matthey Holdings Limited 64 Lillee Crescent, Tullamarine VIC 3043, Australia 
+ 
Johnson Matthey Belgium Pegasuslaan 5, 1831 Diegem, Belgium 
+ 
Tracerco Europe BV Zone 3, Doorneveld 115, 1731 Zellik, Brussels, Belgium 
 
The Argent Insurance Co. Limited Rosebank Centre, 5th Floor, 11 Bermudiana Road, Pembroke HM 08, Bermuda 
 
Johnson Matthey Brasil Ltda Avenida Macuco, 726, 12th Floor, Edifício International Office, CEP04523-001, Brazil 
 
Tracerco do Brasil - Diagnosticos de Processos Industriais Ltda Estrada dos Bandeirantes, 1793, Curicica, Jacarepagua, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 
 
Tracerco Radioactive Diagnostic Services Canada Inc. 8908 60 Avenue NW, Edmonton AB, T6E 6A6, Canada 
 
Johnson Matthey Argillon (Shanghai) Emission Control  
Technologies Ltd. 
Ground Floor, Building 2, No. 298, Rongle East Road, Songjiang Industrial Zone, Shanghai 201613, China 
 
Johnson Matthey Battery Materials (Changzhou) Co., Ltd. A10 Building, No.2 Xinzhu Road, Xinbei District, Changzhou, China 
 
Johnson Matthey Chemical Process Technologies (Shanghai)  
Company Limited 
Room 1066, Building 1, No 215 Lian He Bei Lu, Fengxian District, Shanghai, China 
 
Johnson Matthey (China) Trade Co., Ltd 1st, 2nd and 3rd Floor, Building 2, No. 598 Dongxing Road, Songjiang Industrial Zone, Shanghai, China 
 
Johnson Matthey Clean Energy Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd Unit 01/14th Floor, Pacific Century Place, 2A Gong Ti Bei Lu, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China Ti Bei Lu, Chaoyang 
District, Beijing, China 
 
Johnson Matthey (Shanghai) Catalyst Co., Ltd. 586 Dongxing Road, Songjiang Industry Zone, Shanghai, 201613, China 
 
Johnson Matthey (Shanghai) Chemicals Limited 588 and 598 Dongxing Road, Songjiang Industry Zone, Shanghai, 201613, China 
 
Johnson Matthey (Shanghai) Trading Limited Room 1615B, No. 118 Xinling Road, Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone, China 
 
Johnson Matthey (Tianjin) Chemical Co., Ltd. Room 2007, No. 16, Third Avenue, Tianjin Economic-Technological Development Zone, Tianjin, China 
 
Johnson Matthey (Zhangjiagang) Environmental Protection  
Technology Co., Ltd 
No. 9 Dongxin Road, Jiangsu Yangtze River International Chemical Industrial Park, Jiangsu Province, China 
 
Johnson Matthey (Zhangjiagang) Precious Metal Technology Co., Ltd. No. 48, the west of Beijing Road, Jingang Town, Yangtze River International Chemical Industrial Park, Jiangsu, China 
 
Johnson Matthey A/S c/o Lundgrens Advokatpartnerselskab, Tuborg Boulevard 12, 4., 2900 Hellerup, Denmark 
* 
AG Holding Ltd 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
* 
Cascade Biochem Limited1 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
 
Ilumink Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
* 
JMEPS Trustees Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
 
Johnson Matthey Battery Systems Engineering Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
* 
Johnson Matthey Battery Materials Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
* 
Johnson Matthey Davy Technologies Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
219 
49 Related undertakings continued  
 Entity Registered address 
 
Johnson Matthey Davy Technologies International Limited  
(in Liquidation) 
30 Finsbury Square, London, EC2A 1AG, England 
* 
Johnson Matthey Hydrogen Technologies Limited1,7 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
 
Johnson Matthey Investments Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
+ 
Johnson Matthey (Nominees) Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
* 
Johnson Matthey Precious Metals Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
 
Johnson Matthey South Africa Holdings Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
 
Johnson Matthey Tianjin Holdings Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
* 
Johnson Matthey UK Holdings Limited5 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
+ 
Matthey Finance Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
* 
Matthey Holdings Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
 
Tracerco Global (Topco) Limited5 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
 
Tracerco Limited 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England 
 
Johnson Matthey Battery Materials Finland Oy Unioninkatu 22, Helsinki, 00130, Finland 
 
Johnson Matthey Finland Oy (in liquidation) William Ruthin Katu 1, Kotka, 48600, Finland 
 
Johnson Matthey SAS Les Diamants - Immeuble B, 41 rue Delizy, 93500 Pantin, France 
 
Johnson Matthey Battery Materials GmbH Ostenriederstrasse 15, 85368 Moosburg a.d. Isar, Germany 
 
Johnson Matthey B.V.7 Otto-Volger-Strasse 9b, 65843 Sulzbach, Germany 
 
Johnson Matthey Catalysts (Germany) GmbH Bahnhofstrasse 43, 96257 Redwitz an der Rodach, Germany 
 
Johnson Matthey Chemicals GmbH Wardstrasse 17, D-46446 Emmerich am Rhein, Germany 
 
Johnson Matthey Deutschland GmbH7 Otto-Volger-Strasse 9b, 65843 Sulzbach, Germany 
 
Johnson Matthey GmbH & Co. KG8 Otto-Volger-Strasse 9b, 65843 Sulzbach, Germany 
 
Johnson Matthey Holding GmbH8 Bahnhofstrasse 43, 96257 Redwitz an der Rodach, Germany 
 
Johnson Matthey Management GmbH Otto-Volger-Strasse 9b, 65843 Sulzbach, Germany 
 
Johnson Matthey Redwitz Real Estate (Germany) B.V. & Co. KG8 Bahnhofstrasse 43, 96257 Redwitz an der Rodach, Germany 
 
Johnson Matthey Pacific Limited3 Room 803-6, 909 Cheung Sha Wan Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong 
 
Johnson Matthey Process Technologies Room 803-6, 909 Cheung Sha Wan Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong 
 
Johnson Matthey Tracerco Holdings Hong Kong Limited Room 802-6, 909 Cheung Sha Wan Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong 
 
Macfarlan Smith (Hong Kong) Limited Room 803-6, 909 Cheung Sha Wan Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong 
 
Johnson Matthey Chemicals India Private Limited Plot No 6A, MIDC Industrial Estate, Taloja, District Raigad, Maharashtra 410208, India 
 
Johnson Matthey India Private Limited Regus Business Centre, 5th Floor, Caddie Commercial Tower - Aerocity, New Delhi, 110037, India 
 
Johnson Matthey Limited 13-18 City Quay, Dublin 2, D02 ED70, Ireland 
 
Johnson Matthey Italia S.r.l. Corso Trapani 16, 10139, Torino, Italy 
 
Tracerco Italia S.r.l.5 Via Campo Bratela, N. 119 - 20069, Aprio D'adda, Milano, Italy 
 
Johnson Matthey Fuel Cells Japan Limited 5123-3 Kitsuregawa, Sakura-shi, Tochigi, 329-1412, Japan 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 219
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
220 
49 Related undertakings continued  
 Entity Registered address 
* 
Johnson Matthey Japan Godo Kaisha 5123-3 Kitsuregawa, Sakura-shi, Tochigi, 329-1412, Japan 
 
Johnson Matthey Sdn. Bhd. Suite 16-03, Level 16, Wisma UOA II, 21 Jalan Pinang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 
Johnson Matthey Services Sdn. Bhd. Suite 16-03, Level 16, Wisma UOA II, 21 Jalan Pinang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 
Tracerco Asia Sdn. Bhd. Suite 16-03, Level 16, Wisma UOA II, 21 Jalan Pinang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 
Tracerco Asia Services Sdn. Bhd. Suite 16-03, Level 16, Wisma UOA II, 21 Jalan Pinang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 
Johnson Matthey de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. c/o Cacheaux, Cavazos and Newton, No. 437 Col. Colinas del Cimatario, CP 76090 Queretaro, Mexico 
 
Johnson Matthey Servicios, S. de R.L. de C.V. c/o Cacheaux, Cavazos and Newton, No. 437 Col. Colinas del Cimatario, CP 76090 Queretaro, Mexico 
 
Intercat Europe B.V. Gelissendomein 8, Office KB103, 6229GJ, Maastricht, Netherlands 
 
Johnson Matthey Holdings B.V7 Gelissendomein 8, KB 103, 6229 GJ Maastricht, Netherlands 
 
Johnson Matthey International Management Services B.V.7 Gelissendomein 8, KB 103, 6229 GJ Maastricht, Netherlands 
 
Johnson Matthey Netherlands 2 B.V. Gelissendomein 8, KB 103, 6229 GJ Maastricht, Netherlands 
 
Matthey Finance B.V.1 Fregatweg 38, 6222 NZ Maastricht, Netherlands 
 
Johnson Matthey DOOEL Skopje TIDZ Skopje 1, 1041 llinden, North Macedonia 
 
Tracerco Norge AS Kokstadflaten 35, 5257 Kokstad, Norway 
 
Johnson Matthey Battery Systems Spólka z ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnocścią 
Ul. Alberta Einsteina 6, 44-109, Gliwice, Poland 
 
Johnson Matthey Poland Spólka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnocścią Ul. Alberta Einsteina 6, 44-109, Gliwice, Poland 
 
Johnson Matthey Battery Materials Poland spółka z ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnocścią 
Ul. Hutnicza 1, 62-510 Konin, Poland 
+ 
Macfarlan Smith Portugal, Lda Largo de São Carlos 3, 1200-410 Lisboa, Portugal 
 
Johnson Matthey Catalysts LLC 1 Transportny Proezd, 660027 Krasnoyarsk, Russia 
 
Johnson Matthey Arabia for Business Services6 PO Box 26090, Riyadh 11486, Saudi Arabia 
 
Johnson Matthey General Partner (Scotland) Limited 10 Wheatfield Road, Edinburgh, Midlothian, EH11 2QA, Scotland 
 
Johnson Matthey (Scotland) Limited Partnership2 10 Wheatfield Road, Edinburgh, Midlothian, EH11 2QA, Scotland 
 
Johnson Matthey Singapore Private Limited 50 Raffles Place, #19-00, Singapore Lane Tower, Singapore 048623 
 
Johnson Matthey (Proprietary) Limited Corner Henderson and Premier Roads, Germiston South Ext 7, Gauteng, South Africa 
 
Johnson Matthey Research South Africa (Proprietary) Limited Corner  Henderson and Premier Roads, Germiston South Ext 7, Gauteng, South Africa 
 
Johnson Matthey Salts (Proprietary) Limited Corner Henderson and Premier Roads, Germiston South Ext 7, Gauteng, South Africa 
 
Johnson Matthey Catalysts Korea Limited A-dong 2906-ho, 13 Heungdeok 1-ro, Giheung-gu, Yongin-si, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea 
 
Johnson Matthey Korea Limited 101-2803, Lotte Castle, 109, Mapo-daero, Mapo-gu Seoul, South Korea 
 
Johnson Matthey AB Viktor Hasselblads gata 8, 421 31 Västra Frölunda, Göteborg, Sweden 
 
Johnson Matthey Formox AB SE-284 80, Perstorp, Sweden 
 
Johnson Matthey & Brandenberger AG Glatttalstrasse 18, 8052 Zurich, Switzerland 
 
Johnson Matthey Finance GmbH Hertensteinstrasse 51, 6004 Lucerne, Switzerland 
 
Johnson Matthey Finance Zurich GmbH Glatttalstrasse 18, 8052 Zurich, Switzerland 
 
LiFePO4+C Licensing AG Hertensteinstrasse 51, 6004 Lucerne, Switzerland 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023220
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
220 
49 Related undertakings continued  
 Entity Registered address 
* 
Johnson Matthey Japan Godo Kaisha 5123-3 Kitsuregawa, Sakura-shi, Tochigi, 329-1412, Japan 
 
Johnson Matthey Sdn. Bhd. Suite 16-03, Level 16, Wisma UOA II, 21 Jalan Pinang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 
Johnson Matthey Services Sdn. Bhd. Suite 16-03, Level 16, Wisma UOA II, 21 Jalan Pinang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 
Tracerco Asia Sdn. Bhd. Suite 16-03, Level 16, Wisma UOA II, 21 Jalan Pinang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 
Tracerco Asia Services Sdn. Bhd. Suite 16-03, Level 16, Wisma UOA II, 21 Jalan Pinang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 
Johnson Matthey de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. c/o Cacheaux, Cavazos and Newton, No. 437 Col. Colinas del Cimatario, CP 76090 Queretaro, Mexico 
 
Johnson Matthey Servicios, S. de R.L. de C.V. c/o Cacheaux, Cavazos and Newton, No. 437 Col. Colinas del Cimatario, CP 76090 Queretaro, Mexico 
 
Intercat Europe B.V. Gelissendomein 8, Office KB103, 6229GJ, Maastricht, Netherlands 
 
Johnson Matthey Holdings B.V7 Gelissendomein 8, KB 103, 6229 GJ Maastricht, Netherlands 
 
Johnson Matthey International Management Services B.V.7 Gelissendomein 8, KB 103, 6229 GJ Maastricht, Netherlands 
 
Johnson Matthey Netherlands 2 B.V. Gelissendomein 8, KB 103, 6229 GJ Maastricht, Netherlands 
 
Matthey Finance B.V.1 Fregatweg 38, 6222 NZ Maastricht, Netherlands 
 
Johnson Matthey DOOEL Skopje TIDZ Skopje 1, 1041 llinden, North Macedonia 
 
Tracerco Norge AS Kokstadflaten 35, 5257 Kokstad, Norway 
 
Johnson Matthey Battery Systems Spólka z ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnocścią 
Ul. Alberta Einsteina 6, 44-109, Gliwice, Poland 
 
Johnson Matthey Poland Spólka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnocścią Ul. Alberta Einsteina 6, 44-109, Gliwice, Poland 
 
Johnson Matthey Battery Materials Poland spółka z ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnocścią 
Ul. Hutnicza 1, 62-510 Konin, Poland 
+ 
Macfarlan Smith Portugal, Lda Largo de São Carlos 3, 1200-410 Lisboa, Portugal 
 
Johnson Matthey Catalysts LLC 1 Transportny Proezd, 660027 Krasnoyarsk, Russia 
 
Johnson Matthey Arabia for Business Services6 PO Box 26090, Riyadh 11486, Saudi Arabia 
 
Johnson Matthey General Partner (Scotland) Limited 10 Wheatfield Road, Edinburgh, Midlothian, EH11 2QA, Scotland 
 
Johnson Matthey (Scotland) Limited Partnership2 10 Wheatfield Road, Edinburgh, Midlothian, EH11 2QA, Scotland 
 
Johnson Matthey Singapore Private Limited 50 Raffles Place, #19-00, Singapore Lane Tower, Singapore 048623 
 
Johnson Matthey (Proprietary) Limited Corner Henderson and Premier Roads, Germiston South Ext 7, Gauteng, South Africa 
 
Johnson Matthey Research South Africa (Proprietary) Limited Corner  Henderson and Premier Roads, Germiston South Ext 7, Gauteng, South Africa 
 
Johnson Matthey Salts (Proprietary) Limited Corner Henderson and Premier Roads, Germiston South Ext 7, Gauteng, South Africa 
 
Johnson Matthey Catalysts Korea Limited A-dong 2906-ho, 13 Heungdeok 1-ro, Giheung-gu, Yongin-si, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea 
 
Johnson Matthey Korea Limited 101-2803, Lotte Castle, 109, Mapo-daero, Mapo-gu Seoul, South Korea 
 
Johnson Matthey AB Viktor Hasselblads gata 8, 421 31 Västra Frölunda, Göteborg, Sweden 
 
Johnson Matthey Formox AB SE-284 80, Perstorp, Sweden 
 
Johnson Matthey & Brandenberger AG Glatttalstrasse 18, 8052 Zurich, Switzerland 
 
Johnson Matthey Finance GmbH Hertensteinstrasse 51, 6004 Lucerne, Switzerland 
 
Johnson Matthey Finance Zurich GmbH Glatttalstrasse 18, 8052 Zurich, Switzerland 
 
LiFePO4+C Licensing AG Hertensteinstrasse 51, 6004 Lucerne, Switzerland 
Notes on the Accounts continued for the year ended 31st March 2023 
221 
49 Related undertakings continued  
 Entity Registered address 
 
Johnson Matthey Services (Trinidad and Tobago) Limited Queen's Park Place, 17-20 Queens Park West, Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago 
 
Stepac Ambalaj Malzemeleri Sanayi Ve Ticaret Anonim Sirketi  
(in liquidation) 
Güzeloba Mah. Rauf Denktaş Cad., No.56/101, Muratpaşa/Antalya, Turkey 
 
Johnson Matthey Holdings, Inc. Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington DE 19808, USA 
 
Johnson Matthey Hydrogen Technologies, Inc.7 Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington DE 19808, United States 
 
Johnson Matthey Inc.4 Corporation Service Company, 2595 Interstate Drive, Suite 103 PA 17110, USA 
 
Johnson Matthey Medical Device Components LLC Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington DE 19808, USA 
 
Johnson Matthey Process Technologies, Inc. Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington DE 19808, USA 
 
Johnson Matthey Stationary Emissions Control LLC Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington DE 19808, USA 
 
Johnson Matthey USA Holdings Inc.5 Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington DE 19808, USA 
 
Red Maple LLC (50.0%).6 Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington DE 19808, USA 
 
Tracerco US LLC5 Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington DE 19808, USA 
 
Veranova Parent Holdco L.P. (30.0%)6 1209 Orange Street, New Castle County, Wilmington, Delaware, 19801 
In some jurisdictions in which the group operates, share classes are not defined and in these instances, for the purpose of disclosure, these holdings have been classified as ordinary shares. 
1. Ordinary and preference shares. 
2. Limited partnership, no share capital. 
3. Ordinary and non-cumulative redeemable preference shares. 
4. Ordinary and series A preferred stock. 
5. Incorporated during current financial year.  
6. Joint Venture/Associate. 
7. Name change in the year. 
8. Merged with another Johnson Matthey subsidiary in the year. 
 
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 221
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023222
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Other information
Performance data covers all sites that are under the 
financial control of the group, including all manufacturing, 
research and warehousing operations of Johnson Matthey 
Plc and its subsidiaries. Joint ventures where we have 
a minority share are not included.
For the purposes of reporting, separate businesses resident 
at the same location are counted as separate sites. 
Data from 76 sites was included in this report, 45 are 
manufacturing sites, 15 are R&D sites and 16 are offices. 
Data from new facilities is included from the point at 
which the facility becomes owned by JM and operational.  
 
Selected non-financial data has been third-party limited 
assured to ISAE 3000 (Revised) standard as described on 
page 228-230. Certain employee data is included in the 
financial accounts and is also subject to the financial data 
third-party audit described on page 133. 
Rebaselining of previous years’ data  
During the year we divested several businesses as going 
concerns, including our Health, Advanced Glass 
Technologies and our Battery Materials businesses.
In accordance with the recommendations of the  
greenhouse gas (GHG) Protocol and SECR reporting 
guidance, we have removed their historical contribution 
to our operational KPIs for all years from 2019/20, which 
is our baseline for our 2030 sustainability targets. 
This specifically includes our historical data for Scope 1, 
2 and 3 GHG emissions, water consumption, waste and 
emissions to air.
This report contains only rebaselined numbers.
In this section
Basis of reporting – non-financial data 222
Externally assured selected information 
by ERM CVS
228
Independent Limited Assurance Statement 
to Johnson Matthey Plc 
229
Shareholder information 231
Company details Back 
cover
Basis of reporting  
– non-financial data
This integrated report has been prepared in accordance 
with the GRI Standards for the period 1st April 2022 
to 31st March 2023. Our last annual report was published 
in June 2022. All non-financial performance data is 
reported on a financial year basis unless otherwise stated.
Johnson Matthey compiles, assesses and discloses non-
financial information to demonstrate to its stakeholders 
that it conducts its business in an ethical, responsible and 
sustainable manner and where there is a legal obligation 
to do so (for example, in accordance with the UK 
Companies Act, UK Stream-lined Energy and Carbon 
reporting (SECR) regulations, UK Modern Slavery Act). 
This report has been developed to incorporate the group’s 
significant economic, environmental and social impacts 
and is set within the context of the United Nations 
Brundtland definition of sustainability (1987) and our own 
sustainable business goals to 2030. The principles of 
inclusivity, materiality and responsiveness help to shape 
the structure of the report and to set priorities for reporting. 
The report also explains how we continue to build 
sustainability into our business planning and decision-
making processes and how, through our governance 
processes, we manage social, environmental and ethical 
matters across the group.
Restatements of previous years’ data 
in this report
In addition to rebaselining, there have been some  
restatements of data to account for improvements 
in methodology, coverage and quality of available data. 
JM’s materiality threshold for variance is 5%. We have made 
restatements of environmental performance data for the 
following KPIs this year:
• Scope 3 emissions from investments has been restated 
following the inclusion of our pension-related 
investments where JM has appointed a trustee. 
• NOx emissions to Air has been restated following a review 
of the methodology to calculate this KPI. 
• Recycled PGMs restated due to calculation refinements 
post 2021/22 ARA publication. 
• Following a review of the methodologies for calculating 
process CO2 emissions and process N20 emissions the 
values have been restated for all years from base year 
(2019/20).
Material Topics 
In July 2022 we partnered with a third party to refresh 
our materiality assessment. They reviewed public domain 
opinions of our investors, customers and social media users, 
as well as interviewing leaders inside JM. Our material 
topics were identified as:
• Climate Change
• Air Emissions 
• Water and wastewater
• Waste management
• Circularity and product innovation
• Health and Safety
• Human rights
• Diversity and inclusion
• Community impact
• Responsible sourcing
• Governance and risk management
These were approved at the SVC meeting in 
September 2022.
For each qualifying JM technology solution, we first determine its functional unit. 
The functional unit is used to determine the boundary of the analysis, to ensure that the 
scope of the calculation covers the relevant life-cycle stages leading to the avoided emissions. 
Performance comparisons for our technology solution scenario are then made against 
identified reference scenarios, which represent current day, conventional technologies 
dominant in the market, which our emerging technologies are seeking to improve upon.
The following table gives examples of the JM technology solution families included in this 
KPI and the reference scenarios used for the calculations. 
JM’s technology solution Functional unit Reference scenario Solution scenario
Sustainable Aviation 
Fuel/Fischer-Tropsch
tonnes CO2e / 
tonne jet fuel 
produced
Conventional fossil-based 
jet fuel
Jet fuel produced from municipal waste 
using Fisch Tropsch technology
Low Carbon 
Solutions (LCS)
tonnes CO2e / 
tonne syngas 
produced
Syngas plant without LCS 
(powered by fossil fuels)
Syngas plant with LCS (powered 
by fossil fuels)
Low Carbon 
Hydrogen
tonnes CO2e / 
TWh produced
Energy generated by 
natural gas combustion
Energy generated in the form of 
hydrogen from facility with carbon-
capture and storage (CCS) enabled
Hydrogen 
Electrolysers
tonnes CO2e / 
TWh produced
Energy generated by 
natural gas combustion
Energy generated by electrolysers  
(in form of hydrogen) powered by 
100% renewable electricity
Stationary electricity 
generation
tonnes CO2e / 
TWh produced
Energy generated from 
fossil fuel sources (in US)
Energy generated from hydrogen 
combustion (steam reforming process)
Automotive – heavy 
and light duty
tonnes CO2e / 
vehicle
Internal combustion 
engine – diesel vehicle
Fuel cell electric vehicle powered 
by average China electricity grid mix
Planet: Protecting the climate 
Our goal: Drive lower global GHG emissions
This KPI is a measure of the tonnes of GHG emissions avoided during the year by our customers’ 
technologies which incorporate JM’s products and solutions, compared to conventional 
offerings. 
The KPI captures one year’s impact for all qualifying technologies that have been operational 
during the year, as sold since 2020/21. 
Our methodology for calculating avoided GHG emissions was developed in-house and 
independently verified by EcoActTM for all product families contributing towards our target 
to ensure it complies with industry best practice. EcoAct concluded that our approach 
complied with recognised public guidelines and considered our calculations to be both fairly 
stated and representative of a balanced view of our contribution in enabling avoided 
emissions through relevant technologies. EcoAct also determined that our calculations follow 
industry best practice for measurement. Their full statement is available on request. 
Basis of reporting – non-financial data continued
Definition of employees and contractors 
These definitions are used when reporting the Health and Safety KPIs on pages 33-34 of this report. For Employee headcount numbers, only Permanent and Temporary employees are counted 
as “Employees“ pages 37 and 173. 
Reported as “Employees” Reported as “Contractors”
Permanent employees Temporary employees Agency employees Outsourced function Specialist service Projects
Continuously site based Continuously site based Continuously site based Continuously or regularly  
site based
One-off project or regularly 
based on site
One-off project
Contract signed directly 
between JM and individual 
and paid regular salary and 
other benefits by JM
Fixed term contract signed 
directly between JM and 
individual. Paid regular salary 
and other benefits by JM
Person employed by an 
agency performing tasks that 
would normally be expected 
to be undertaken by a 
JM employee
Facility management – 
catering, cleaning or grounds 
maintenance; IT; and 
occupational health, where 
outsourced
Small scale building or ground 
works; repairing specialist 
plant or equipment; low level 
maintenance; small scale 
repairs to offices or other 
buildings; stack monitoring
Construction work, capital 
project work, major 
maintenance activities
Work is directly supervised  
by JM
Work is directly supervised  
by JM
Work is directly supervised  
by JM
Work is supervised by contractor 
and monitored by JM
Work is supervised by contractor 
and monitored by JM
Work is supervised by contractor 
and monitored by JM
Calculation methodologies for Key 
Performance Indicators (KPIs) relating  
to our sustainability targets for 2030
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 223
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Basis of reporting – non-financial data continued
The lifetime of the technology is also considered to discount any impacts from the sale 
of previous years’ technologies if these are no longer operational and, where applicable, 
adjustments to capture changing performance over time are made.
No allocation between value chain partners is applied, since there are no established 
guidelines for this. However, our products and solutions are vital to realising the benefits 
of the technologies being used, and our KPI aims to accurately reflect JM’s role, in that 
we enable avoided GHG emissions via the use of such technologies.
Technologies that were previously included in this metric from businesses that have been 
divested during the year (Battery Materials) have been removed from the calculation and 
historical years’ performance re-baselined.
SASB Resource efficiency indicator
We have also identified revenues aligned to the SASB Chemicals Sustainability Accounting 
Standard definition of products designed for use-phase resource efficiency, which includes 
products that “through their use – can be shown to improve energy efficiency, eliminate or 
lower greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, reduce raw materials consumption, increase product 
longevity, and/or reduce water consumption”. Qualifying products are those that either:
• increase the efficiency of a product during its use phase (for example, our battery materials 
and fuel cell components); or
• increase the efficiency of the manufacturing process used to make a product (for example, 
our catalysts and additives for the chemical, oil and gas industries).
Products beyond the scope of this assessment include those specifically designed to meet 
environmental regulatory requirements, and any product where a use-phase resource 
efficiency benefit is unclear. Revenues aligned to the use-phase resource efficiency criteria 
represent sales excluding precious metals.
Our goal: Achieve net zero by 2040
Our operational carbon footprint is reported in tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) 
according to the GHG Protocol corporate standard 2015 revision, www.ghgprotocol.org and 
in with the UK Stream-lined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) April 2019 requirements 
of the UK Companies Act 2006 (Strategic and Directors’ Reports) Regulations 2013.
Scope 1 GHG emissions
Our Scope 1 GHG emissions are generated by the direct burning of fuel (predominantly 
natural gas), performing chemical reactions in our manufacturing processes and driving 
company-owned or leased vehicles. They are calculated in tonnes CO2e using conversion 
factors for each energy source as published by Defra in June 2022 and subsequently amended 
in September 2022 – we have used the amended version. We include carbon dioxide (CO2), 
nitrous oxide (N2O), refrigerant and methane (CH4) process emissions to air in our Scope 1 
calculations. We don’t believe we have any material Scope 1 GHG emissions of PF5 and SF6
Scope 2 GHG emissions
Our Scope 2 GHG emissions arise from the use of electricity and steam procured from third 
parties for use at our facilities. They are calculated using the ‘dual reporting’ methodology 
outlined in the GHG Protocol corporate standard 2015 revision.
For the location-based method of Scope 2 accounting, for all facilities outside the US, we use 
national carbon intensity factors related to the consumption of grid electricity in 2020 made 
available in the 2022 edition of the world CO2 emissions database of the International Energy 
Agency. They were purchased under licence in February 2022 for sole use in company 
reporting. For US facilities we use regional carbon factors published by the Environmental 
Protection Agency in January 2023 edition of, eGRID data 2021. 
For the market-based method of Scope 2 accounting, we have applied the hierarchy of 
sources for determination of appropriate carbon intensity factors, as outlined in table 6.3 
on page 48 of the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance. We have successfully obtained carbon 
intensity factors directly from our grid electricity suppliers in the EU, US and Australia. 
However, it has not been possible to obtain this information from suppliers in China, India, 
South Africa and non-OECD Europe. 
Scope 3 GHG emissions
Our annual Scope 3 GHG emissions are reported according to the methodology of the GHG 
Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard. A variety 
of accounting techniques were used depending on the availability of data. All value chain 
emissions over which JM has financial control are included; therefore our scope 3 reporting 
does not include raw materials where JM is a toll manufacturer i.e. when raw materials being 
used in our factories remain in the financial ownership of our customer at all times.
When calculating the GHG footprint of each Scope 3 category, our principle of using the most 
accurate data sources was applied in the following order:
• GHG footprint data obtained directly from value chain partners
• Mass based calculations using carbon intensity factors from respected databases, such 
as Defra’s GHG reporting conversion factors and EcoInvent
• Financial allocation using Avieco’s proprietary Input-Output (EEIO) model. This combines 
economic data from central banks and treasury departments with research data from the 
World Bank, OECD and other leading environmental agencies
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023224
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 225
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Basis of reporting – non-financial data continued
Scope 3 GHG category as defined by GHG Protocol Calculation methodology
1. Purchased goods and services Where mass of purchased goods was available, this was used in combination with GHG intensity factors obtained either from 
suppliers or EcoInvent. For the remaining goods and for purchased services a financial allocation (EEIO model) was used
2. Capital goods Financial allocation (EEIO model) using geographical breakdown of data shown in Accounting note 11 “Property, plant & 
equipment” on page 175
3. Fuel- and energy-related activities Defra’s GHG reporting conversion factors 2022 were used to calculate well-to-tank GHG emissions from fuel usage, transmission 
and distribution losses from purchased electricity, and well-to-tank and transmission and distribution losses of energy from steam
4. Upstream transportation and distribution Emissions data was provided by our suppliers where available. Otherwise, a financial allocation was made based on spend and 
intensity factors from the EEIO model
5. Waste generated in operations Where GHG footprints were available from waste service providers they were used, otherwise Defra’s GHG reporting conversion 
factors 2022 were used according to mass of waste disposal by destination see page 31
6. Business travel Footprint business travel for air and rail was obtained from our business travel service providers. Where available mileage 
for personal car, taxi and public transport use was used in combination with Defra’s GHG reporting conversion factors 2022. 
In the absence of mileage, a financial allocation was made based on expenses spend and intensity factors from the EEIO model. 
Accounting is by date of financial transaction
7. Employee commuting Data is obtained by employee survey of miles travelled per week by modes of transport. Defra’s GHG reporting conversion factors 
2022 are used to calculate the GHG intensity of each transport type
8. Upstream leased assets Financial allocation (EEIO model) using floor space and geographical location
9. Downstream transportation and distribution Where JM takes responsibility for the downstream distribution of goods, it was included in the upstream category calculation. 
Where our customers takes responsibility, no data is available
10. Processing of sold products No quantitative data available, but not expected to be material based on our knowledge of how our customers use our products
11. Use of sold products We have removed Use of sold products from our footprint by agreement with SBTi, as it determined that the emissions we reported 
in this category were ‘indirect’ and should not, therefore, be included.
12. End of life treatment of sold products Many of JM’s products are returned to the company for recovery of the precious metals and thus end of life treatment is included 
in our Scope 1 and Scope 2 footprint. JM does not have visibility of other end of life treatments
13. Downstream leased assets Included in Upstream leased assets category
14. Franchises JM does not have any franchises
15. Investments GHG footprints from our Pensions trustee providers were used, where available, and scaled to represent JM's global employee count. 
Financial allocation (EEIO model) using geographical breakdown of investment revenues from each entity
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023226
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Basis of reporting – non-financial data continued
Planet: Protecting nature and advancing 
the circular economy 
Our goal: Advancing the circular economy to conserve 
scarce resources 
Our KPI to monitor how we are advancing the circular economy is a measurement of all % 
recycled platinum group metals in our manufactured goods on a mass basis.
We include use of five PGMs – platinum, palladium, rhodium, ruthenium and iridium in our 
target. This is defined as the weighted global average of all goods manufactured in our plants 
over the course of the reporting year and includes metal that is both sourced and funded 
by JM and metal sourced and funded by our customers.
We define primary metal as metal from a mine or originating outside of the refining loop. 
This is measured by recording the amount of metal matching this description that has been 
used in product manufacturing over the given time-period.
We define secondary or recycled metal as platinum-group metal-bearing material that has 
come from an end use (including post-consumer product scrap and waste materials) and 
has not come to JM in the form of ingot, concentrate or matte directly from a mining process.
This makes up the balance of metal that has been used in product manufacturing over the 
given time-period.
Our goal: Minimising our environmental footprint to 
protect nature 
Total hazardous waste produced
This KPI is a record of how much hazardous waste we generate from our operations that can 
no longer be used by Johnson Matthey and has to be sent off site for treatment. We define 
hazardous waste in line with local regulatory requirements in the particular territory where 
the waste is generated. For example, in Europe we consider the EU Waste Framework 
Directive (Directive 2008/98/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council). We measure 
the amount of solid and liquid hazardous waste and report in metric tonnes of material. 
We measure the total weights sent off site, including any entrained water, and we consider 
all material waste no longer of use to Johnson Matthey. We categorise its destination in the 
following ways:
• Sent outside JM for beneficial reuse.
• Sent outside JM for recycling.
• Sent outside JM for incineration with energy recovery.
• Sent outside JM for incineration or treatment without energy recovery.
• Sent outside JM for landfill disposal.
Net water usage
This KPI is a record of how much water we withdraw through our operations. 
The KPI includes all freshwater sources – mains supplied water that we receive from 
municipalities, public or private utility companies, ground water that is extracted from below 
the earth’s surface and fresh surface water that we extract from rivers, wetlands, lakes etc. 
We do not include rainwater or any brackish surface water. We subtract any water that 
is returned to the source from which it is extracted at the same or better quality .
Nitrogen Oxide (NOx) emissions
This KPI is a record of direct emissions of harmful nitrogen oxides to the environment from 
our manufacturing facilities. NOx is a generic term which includes nitric oxide (NO) and 
nitrogen dioxide (NO2), but excludes nitrous oxide (N2O). 
We measure this KPI in metric tonnes. The value is derived from continuous monitoring 
equipment where present, or from stoichiometric calculations based on our knowledge 
of NOx generation from our chemical processes. We consider all sources of NOx from the 
combustion of fuel in steam boilers to the gaseous output of our processes that emit NOx. 
We report the value after any abatement or treatment has taken place within our 
chimney stacks.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 227
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Basis of reporting – non-financial data continued
People
Our goal: Keep people safe
Total recordable injury and illness rate (TRIIR) is defined as the number of recordable cases 
per 200,000 hours worked in a rolling year and includes cases affecting both our employees 
and contractors.
A recordable case (as defined under the US Occupational Safety and Health Administration 
(OSHA) Regulations) is defined as a work related accident or illness that results in one or 
more of the following: absence of more than one day; medical treatment beyond first aid; 
death; loss of consciousness and restricted work or transfer to another job.
The OSHA severity rate is a calculation that gives a company an average of the number 
of lost days and restricted days per recordable incident.
The process safety event severity rate (PSESR) is measured according to the methodology 
approved by International Council of Chemical Associations (ICCA). The metric first requires 
a determination that the event is to be included in the process safety event severity rate 
(PSESR) calculation and then determining the severity using the severity table.
In determining this rate, 1 point is assigned for each Level 4 incident attribute, 3 points 
for each Level 3 attribute, 9 points for each Level 2 attribute, and 27 points for each Level 1 
attribute. The PSESR is recorded as a 12 month rolling number. Total worker hours include 
employees, temporary employees and contractors.
Theoretically, a process safety event could be assigned a minimum of 1 point (i.e. the incident 
meets the attributes of a Level 4 incident in only one category) or a maximum of 135 points 
(i.e. the incident meets the attributes of a Level 1 incident in each of the five categories).
A Tier 1 Process Safety Event (T-1 PSE) is a loss of primary containment (LOPC) with the 
greatest consequence as defined by American Petroleum Institute recommended practice 
(RP) 754.
Our goal: Create a diverse, inclusive and engaged company
Employee Engagement
All permanent and fixed term contract employees are invited to voluntarily complete an 
employee survey at regular intervals to determine the engagement and wellbeing of staff 
using a standard methodology defined by Workday Peakon – an independent third party 
used by companies globally. All responses are submitted confidentially to Workday Peakon 
and results are independently analysed and shared with all managers who met the minimum 
response threshold of five responses from their team. Through the survey we measure 
attributes on a scale of 0 to 10. 
The survey measures employee engagement through three questions:
1) to what extent they would recommend JM as employer to others, 
2) to what extent they intend to stay with JM, 
3) in general how satisfied they are with their employment at JM.
Gender diversity
Our target KPI counts the percentage of all management level employees (permanent and 
temporary) who are registered female on the 31st March in the reporting year. 
For this purpose, an employee’s gender is determined based on their registered gender at birth 
or otherwise legally recognised gender as disclosed by the employee.  
Our goal: Invest in our local communities
Our target KPI is an annual record of the total number of employee volunteering days undertaken 
by permanent employees within their local communities, in accordance with JM’s global 
Employee Volunteering Policy. The volunteering is recorded in days, assuming that the standard 
full-time equivalent employee day is 8 hours. The recorded volunteering days may have been 
completed either on company time or on paid company leave. Volunteering done on unpaid 
leave, or outside normal working hours, is not included in the reported numbers. In determining 
the in-kind contribution of employees’ volunteering we take the number of volunteering days 
reported in the year and multiply it by the group average cost of one day of employee time.
Calculation for indirect expenditure in  
community investment
Number of working days in a year is five days per week for 50 weeks per year.
Average cost of one day of 
employee time =
Total employee benefits expense in year
Number of working days in year x Average 
number of permanent employees
OSHA severity rate = Total lost days and restricted days in the year 
x 200,000
Total hrs worked during the year
ICCA process safety severity rate (Level 1 to Level 4) =
Total severity score for all events per 200,000 hrs worked during the year
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023228
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
ERM Certification and Verification Services Limited (“ERM CVS”) was engaged by Johnson Matthey PLC (“Johnson Matthey”) to provide limited assurance in relation to the selected information 
set out below and presented in the Johnson Matthey Annual Report and Accounts 2023 (the “Report”). 
Externally assured selected information by ERM CVS
Metric name Unit of Measure 2022/23 total figure
Total Scope 1 GHG emissions tonnes CO2e 233,300
Total Scope 2 GHG emissions (market-based) tonnes CO2e 130,386
Total Scope 2 GHG emissions (location-based) tonnes CO2e 204,848
Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emission (market-based) tonnes CO2e 363,686
Total Scope 1 and 2 carbon intensity (market-based) tonnes CO2e/ 
tonne sales
3.4
Year on year change in Scope 1 and 2 carbon intensity % -8%
Total Scope 3 (Category 3) Fuel and Energy-related GHG 
emissions
tonnes CO2e 41,018
Total energy consumption MWh 1,185,612
Total non-renewable energy consumption kWh 986,948,044
Total renewable energy purchased or generated kWh 198,664,193
Certified renewable electricity consumption % 41%
Total Scope 3 (Category 1) Purchased Goods and Services 
GHG emissions
tonnes CO2e 2,495,475
Total freshwater withdrawal (all sources) m3 1,800,878
Total water discharged back to original source m3 48,993
Net freshwater consumption 000's m3 1,752
Average direct Chemical Oxygen Demand of wastewater 
(COD)
mg/L 242
Coverage for COD reporting % 75%
Metric name Unit of Measure 2022/23 total figure
Freshwater consumed in regions of high or 
extremely high baseline water stress
000's m3 399
Total waste sent off site tonnes 62,885
Total waste disposed off site to landfill tonnes 4,347
Total solid waste disposed off site tonnes 4,369
Total solid waste generated for treatment off site tonnes 17,307
Total solid waste sent off site to be reused or recycled tonnes 12,938
Total hazardous waste sent off site for treatment tonnes 41,860
Nitrogen oxides (NOx) emissions to air tonnes 336
Sulphur oxides (SOx) emissions to air tonnes 31
Volatile organic chemicals (VOCs) emissions to air tonnes 42
Coverage for NOx reporting % 86%
Coverage for SOx reporting % 36%
Coverage for VOCs reporting % 57%
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) employees n/million hrs 1.16
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) contractors n/million hrs 1.37
Occupational Illness Frequency Rate (OIFR) n/million hrs 0.08
Tier 1 Process Safety events rate Tier 1 events/ 
1,000,000 hrs
0.30
Total Recordable Injury and Illness Rate(TRIIR) 
employees + contractors
n/200,000 hrs 0.47
ICCA Process Safety Event Severity Rate (PSESR) PSESR/200,000 hrs 1.02
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 229
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Independent Limited Assurance Statement to Johnson Matthey PLC
ERM Certification and Verification Services Limited (“ERM CVS”) was engaged by Johnson Matthey PLC (“Johnson Matthey”) to provide limited assurance in relation to the selected information 
set out below and presented in the Johnson Matthey Annual Report and Accounts 2023 (the “Report”).
Engagement summary
Scope of our assurance 
engagement
Whether the 2022/23 selected information as presented on page 228 of the Report are fairly presented, in all material respects, in accordance with the 
reporting criteria.
Our assurance engagement does not extend to information in respect of earlier periods or to any other information included in the Report.
Reporting period 1st April 2022 – 31st March 2023
Reporting criteria • WBCSD/WRI GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (2004, as updated January 2015) and GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance
• Occupational Safety and Health (OSHA) regulations
• Johnson Matthey’s Basis of reporting – non-financial data found in the ‘other information’ section of the Report.
Assurance standard 
and level of assurance
We performed a limited assurance engagement, in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised) ‘Assurance 
Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’ issued by the International Auditing and Standards Board.
The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance engagement 
and consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had 
a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.
Respective 
responsibilities
Johnson Matthey is responsible for preparing the Report and for the collection and presentation of the information within it, and for the designing, implementing 
and maintaining of internal controls relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Report.
ERM CVS’ responsibility is to provide conclusions to Johnson Matthey on the agreed scope based on our engagement terms with Johnson Matthey, the assurance 
activities performed and exercising our professional judgement. We accept no responsibility, and deny any liability, to any party other than Johnson Matthey for the 
conclusions we have reached.
Our conclusion
Based on our activities, as described below, nothing has come to our attention to indicate that the 2022/23 selected information presented on page 228 of the Report, are not fairly stated, 
in all material respects in accordance with the reporting criteria.
Our assurance activities
Considering the level of assurance and our assessment of the risk of material misstatement of the Report a multi-disciplinary team of sustainability and assurance specialists performed a range 
of procedures that included, but was not restricted to, the following:
• Assessing the appropriateness of the reporting criteria for the selected information.
• Interviews with management representatives responsible for managing the selected issues.
• Interviews with relevant staff to understand and evaluate the relevant management systems and processes (including internal review and control processes) used for collecting and reporting 
the selected disclosures.
• A review at corporate level of a sample of qualitative and quantitative evidence supporting the reported information.
• An analytical review of the year-end data submitted by locations included in the consolidated group data for the selected disclosures which included testing the completeness and mathematical 
accuracy of conversions and calculations, and consolidation in line with the stated reporting boundary.
• In-person site visits to Bawal (India), Skopje (North Macedonia) and West Deptford Chemicals, NJ (USA), as well as virtual site visits to Brimsdown (UK) and Clitheroe (UK) and desktop reviews 
of Emmerich (Germany) and Savannah, GA (USA) to review local reporting processes and consistency of reported annual data with selected underlying source data.
• Confirming conversion and emission factors and assumptions used.
• Reviewing the presentation of information relevant to the scope of our work in the Report to ensure consistency with our findings.
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023230
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Independent Limited Assurance Statement to Johnson Matthey PLC continued
The limitations of our engagement
The reliability of the assured information is subject to inherent uncertainties, given the 
available methods for determining, calculating or estimating the underlying information. 
It is important to understand our assurance conclusions in this context.
Our independence, integrity and quality control
ERM CVS is an independent certification and verification body accredited by UKAS to ISO 
17021:2015. Accordingly we maintain a comprehensive system of quality control, including 
documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, 
professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Our quality 
management system is at least as demanding as the relevant sections of ISQM-1 and 
ISQM-2 (2022).
ERM CVS applies a Code of Conduct and related policies to ensure that its employees maintain 
integrity, objectivity, professional competence and high ethical standards in their work. 
Our processes are designed and implemented to ensure that the work we undertake is 
objective, impartial and free from bias and conflict of interest. Our certified management 
system covers independence and ethical requirements that are at least as demanding as 
the relevant sections of Parts A & B of the IESBA Code relating to assurance engagements.
The team that has undertaken this assurance engagement has extensive experience in 
conducting assurance on environmental, social, ethical and health and safety information, 
systems and processes, and provides no consultancy related services to Johnson Matthey 
in any respect.
Gareth Manning
Partner, Corporate Assurance
London, United Kingdom 
18 May 2023
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023 231
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Key shareholder facts
Johnson Matthey share price as at 31st March
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
3,042p 3,142p 1,798p 3,013p 1,879p 1,983p
By size of holding
Number of 
holdings
Percentage of 
holders
Percentage  
of issued
capital1,2
1 – 1,000 3,929 74.05% 0.65%
1,001 – 10,000 1,049 19.77% 1.65%
10,001 – 100,000 192 3.62% 3.74%
100,001 – 1,000,000 97 1.83% 18.63%
1,000,001 – 5,000,000 33 0.62% 36.65%
5,000,001 and over 6 0.11% 38.68%
Total 5,306 100.00% 100.00%
Dividend – pence per share
2018 2019 2020 2021 2023
Interim 21.75 23.25 24.50 20.00 22.00 22.00
Final 58.25 62.25 31.125 50.00 55.00 55.00
Total ordinary 80.0 85.5 55.625 70.00 77.00 77.00
1. Issued share capital balances exclude treasury shares of 10,136,428
2. The size of holding figures as a percentage of the issued share capital are approximate due to the liquidity of the register
The Board is proposing a final dividend for 2022/23 of 55.00 pence, to take the total for the 
year to 77.00 pence.
By location
Number 
of shares1 Percentage
UK and Eire 112,046,998 61.08%
USA and Canada 30,772,579 16.77%
Continental Europe 29,918,105 16.31%
Asia Pacific 4,612,414 2.51%
Rest of World 702,934 0.38%
Unidentified 5,400,387 2.94%
Total 183,453,417 100.00%
By category
Number 
of shares1 Percentage
Investment and unit trusts 95,338,887 51.97%
Pension funds 21,393,579 11.66%
Individuals 67,278 0.04%
Custodians 17,611,620 9.60%
Insurance companies 11,051,044 6.02%
Sovereign wealth funds 4,718,398 2.57%
Charities 333,464 0.18%
Other 32,939,147 17.96%
Total 183,453,417 100.00%
Shareholder information
Johnson Matthey | Annual Report and Accounts 2023232
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION
Electronic communications
We’re encouraging our shareholders to receive their shareholder information by email and via 
our website. This allows us to provide you with information quicker and helps us to be more 
sustainable by reducing paper and printing materials.
To register for electronic shareholder communications, visit our registrar’s website  
shareview.co.uk.
Dividends
Dividends can be paid directly into shareholders’ bank or building society accounts. This allows 
you to receive your dividend immediately and is cost-effective for your company. To take 
advantage of this, please contact Equiniti via shareview.co.uk or complete the dividend 
mandate form you receive with your next dividend cheque. A Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
is also available which allows shareholders to purchase additional shares in the company.
Matthey.com
You can find information about the company quickly and easily on our website matthey.com. 
Here you will find information on the company’s current share price together with copies 
of the group’s full-year and half-year reports and major presentations to analysts and 
institutional shareholders.
Enquiries
Shareholders who wish to contact Johnson Matthey Plc on any matter relating to their 
shareholding are invited to contact the company’s registrars, Equiniti. Their contact details 
are included below. Equiniti also offer a share dealing service by telephone: 0345 603 7037 
or online shareview.co.uk/dealing.
By phone: +44(0)371 384 2344 Please use the country code when calling from outside 
the UK. When you call, please quote your 11-digit Shareholder Reference Number. 
Telephone lines are open 8.30am to 5.30pm Monday to Friday excluding public holidays 
in England and Wales.
By post: Equiniti, Aspect House, Spencer Road, Lancing, West Sussex BN99 6DA
Online: shareview.co.uk
Shareholders may also contact the company directly using the details below.
By phone: +44 20 7269 8000
By email: jmir@matthey.com 
By post: The Company Secretary, Johnson Matthey Plc, 5th Floor 25 Farringdon Street, 
London EC4A 4AB
American Depositary Receipts
Johnson Matthey has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programme 
which BNY Mellon administers and for which it acts as Depositary. Each ADR represents two 
Johnson Matthey ordinary shares. The ADRs trade on the US over-the-counter (OTC) market 
under the symbol JMPLY. When dividends are paid to shareholders, the Depositary converts 
those dividends into US dollars, net of fees and expenses, and distributes the net amount 
to ADR holders.
For enquiries, BNY Mellon can be contacted on 1-888-BNY-ADRS (1-888-269-2377) toll 
free if you are calling from within the US. Alternatively, they can be contacted by e-mail 
at shrrelations@cpushareownerservices.com or via their website at www.adrbnymellon.com.
Financial calendar 2023
8th June
Ex dividend date
9th June
Final dividend record date
20th July
Annual General Meeting (AGM)
1st August
Payment of final dividend subject to the approval of shareholders at the AGM
23rd November
Announcement of results for the six months ending 30th September 2023
Shareholder information continued
We have chosen to print on Edixion Offset, a primary material paper which 
is independently certified according to the rules of the Forest Stewardship 
Council® (FSC®) and from responsible sources. We continue to educate 
ourselves and evolve our thoughts in this area as well as search for a 
secondary material paper which can offer the same consistency in colour, 
robustness and print quality to produce a clear, crisp report for our 
stakeholders. We kindly ask that once you have finished with this report to 
share it with someone who it may be of interest to or to recycle this as we 
acknowledge that primary fibres from sustainably managed forests are 
critical to maintain the paper cycle. 
 More on paper sustainability: twosides.info
Designed and produced by Black Sun Global.
Printed in the UK by Pureprint, a CarbonNeutral® company.
Both manufacturing paper mill and the printer are registered to the 
Environmental Management System ISO 14001:2004 and are Forest 
Stewardship Council® (FSC) chain-of-custody certified.
matthey.com 
Registered Office 
Johnson Matthey Plc
5th Floor 
25 Farringdon Street 
London EC4A 4AB
Johnson Matthey Plc is a public company 
limited by shares registered in England and 
Wales with the registered number 33774.
