Net Zero  
Transition Plan
Phoenix Group Holdings plc
W e are proud to present our Net Zero Transition Plan, 
which sets out how we will become a net zero business by 
2050 and achieve our interim targets for 2025 and 2030.
In this Plan 
Foreword
Executive Summary
Our commitment 5
Our Net Zero Transition Plan 6
Decarbonising the portfolio  7
Effective stewardship of our assets 8
Investing in climate solutions 9
Engaging customers and driving system change 10
Leading by decarbonising our operations and supply chain 11
Summary 12
Becoming a Net Zero business
The case for action at global and whole-economy level  14
The case for action for Phoenix Group 16
Our net zero ambitions 17
Our Climate Action Model 18
Climate change nexus with Human rights,  
the just transition and nature 19
Invest
Invest at a glance 21
Size up exposure 22
Plan the journey 26
Execute actions 29
Monitor and refine 41
Engage
Engaging our customers 43
Driving wider system change 48
Lead
Decarbonising our own operations  55
Decarbonising our supply chain 60
Embedding net zero in our business
Embedding robust governance 67
Embedding climate risk into our risk management framework 70
Engaging our colleagues  71
Embedding climate risk into our risk framework  72
Measuring our progress
Investment portfolio metrics 74
Own operations metrics 75
Supply chain metrics 75
Appendix
Our Taskforce for Climate-related Financial Disclosure reporting  77
Mapping of Transition Plan against GFANZ and TPT Guidance 78
Our focused climate  change stewardship engagement list 79
Supply chain metrics 80
Phoenix Group at a glance 81
Assurance
The Group appointed Ernst & Young LLP (‘EY’) to provide limited independent assurance over selected climate-related disclosures content 
for our Climate Report with the same data used within this Transition Plan marked with ^ as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022.  
The assurance engagement was planned and performed in accordance with the International Standard for Assurance Engagements (‘ISAE’) 
3000 Revised, Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information. A limited assurance opinion was 
issued and is available on pages 66 - 67 of our Climate Report. 
Read our Climate Report 
Read more about Phoenix Group and our family of brands 
Our 2022 reporting suite
Access the full reporting suite at thephoenixgroup.com  
Annual 
Report
Climate  
Report
Stewardship 
Report
Sustainability  
Report
2
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest
 Engage
 Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business
Executive 
summary Measuring our progress
Executive 
Summary
1 As defined by Phoenix Group’s Sustainability Framework.
However, whilst we have made good progress to date, we 
recognise that we are on a journey and have much more 
to do. We also know that we cannot deliver net zero alone 
and will become increasingly dependent on others,  
such as governments and high-emitting sectors, to 
achieve our net zero goals. That’s why we are going to  
be vocal in calling for action from others and convening 
stakeholders to drive the wider system change that  
will ultimately be needed to become net zero. 
 
On a personal level, I am extremely proud of what we 
have already achieved and excited by the ambition 
encapsulated in our Net Zero Transition Plan. By 
implementing it, we will be simultaneously playing  
our part in tackling climate change and helping our 
customers secure a life of possibilities.
With a baseline carbon footprint of 24 MtCO 2e – 
accounting for 99% of our overall carbon footprint – our 
investment portfolio is where we can have the greatest 
impact. We have placed our customers at the heart of our 
thinking and believe that the actions we are taking to 
decarbonise our investment portfolio are fully aligned 
with their financial interests. Our focus is on managing 
the risks and maximising the opportunities of climate 
change for our customers. And with recent customer 
research telling us that 80% of our customers are 
concerned about climate change and 90% expect us  
to invest their money responsibly, it’s also what they want 
us to do. 
 
We have already taken some exciting initial steps, such  
as decarbonising c.£12 billion of equity and listed real 
estate in our default workplace pension proposition. 
Over the next 12–18 months we are planning to 
decarbonise c.£12.5 billion of our shareholder corporate 
credit, and apply a customised decarbonising 
benchmark to c.£40 billion invested across our UK and 
US equity portfolios. By 2025 we aim to have introduced 
decarbonisation strategies across our £160 billion listed 
equity and credit portfolio. 
 
Taking bold action to reduce our direct operational 
emissions and working with our suppliers to reduce their 
emissions is also crucial. It demonstrates leadership and 
shows that we are willing to walk the walk. That’s why we 
are so proud to have achieved our 2025 Scope 1 and 2 
decarbonisation targets for our own operations three 
years ahead of plan. We will use this as a platform to  
go even further on eliminating and reducing our 
operational emissions and scaling up our engagement 
with key suppliers. 
 
I am hugely excited to be writing this foreword for our 
Net Zero Transition Plan, which marks an important step 
on our journey to becoming a net zero business by 2050. 
 
As the UK’s largest long-term savings and retirement 
business, we recognise our responsibility to tackle 
climate change. By taking the right actions to 
decarbonise, we believe that we can manage the risks 
and maximise the opportunities of climate change on 
behalf of our 12 million customers. And with close to  
£0.3 trillion assets under administration, our scale  
means we can make a real difference. 
 
Over the last two years, many companies have set 
increasingly ambitious targets to reduce emissions – and 
Phoenix Group has been at the forefront of this process. 
But targets alone are not enough: the scale and urgency 
of the climate crisis and the action needed to tackle it 
means that robust plans to meet targets must urgently  
be put in place. 
 
Our Net Zero Transition Plan sets out the actions we are 
taking to become net zero by 2050 and achieve our 
stretching interim targets in 2025 and 2030 across our 
investment portfolio, operations and supply chain. It 
gives us confidence that we are on the right track – but is 
transparent about where we need to do more and where 
we are dependent on action from others. It also helps to 
ensure that our decarbonisation plans are aligned with 
our wider business objectives and deliver the right 
outcomes for our customers. We have developed it in line 
with the latest industry guidance from the Transition Plan 
Taskforce and Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero.
An important step on our journey to net zero
Andy Briggs 
Group Chief 
Executive Officer
3
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest
 Engage
 Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business
Executive 
summary Measuring our progress

Our commitment 5
Our Net Zero Transition Plan 6
Decarbonising the portfolio 7
Effective stewardship of our assets 8
Investing in climate solutions 9
Engaging customers and driving system change 10
Leading by decarbonising our operations
and supply chain 11
Summary 12
Our Net Zero Transition Plan marks an important step on  
our journey to becoming a net zero business by 2050 across  
our investment portfolio, operations and supply chain.
Executive  
summary
4
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business
Executive 
summary Measuring our progress
We are clear on what we want to achieve,  
where we currently are and what it 
will take to get there.
• We recognise our responsibility to tackle climate 
change – and want to use our capacity to drive real 
economy decarbonisation. 
• We are starting to take tangible actions at scale – 
as we move beyond setting targets and planning,  
to delivering real impact.  
• We have put customers at the heart of our plan – 
everything we do has their best interest at its core. 
By taking the right actions to decarbonise, we can help 
our customers grow their investments and protect them 
against risk.
• We believe we are on track to deliver our 2025 target 
– if the actions we have committed to are implemented, 
but will likely need to do more to  
achieve our 2030 targets – although the challenge  
of predicting economy-wide decarbonisation and  
the effect this has on our own performance makes 
forecasting inherently uncertain.
• We cannot deliver net zero alone  – and are going to 
be vocal in calling for action from others and want to 
convene action across our ecosystem.
We have already  
delivered some big wins. 
• Brought our sustainable multi-asset strategies to 1.5m 
workplace pension scheme members, which applies 
a decarbonisation strategy to all equities, ~£12b AUA  
• Preparing to roll out bespoke decarbonisation indices 
to US and UK equities across all policyholder funds – 
c.£40 billion AUA1.
• Launched stewardship engagement with 25 priority 
companies which account for 40%^ of financed 
emissions in highly emitting sectors.
• Goal to invest up to £40 billion in sustainable and/or 
productive assets including climate solutions with the 
right regulatory, policy and market conditions.
• Achieved our 2025 Scope 1 and 2 intensity-based 
decarbonisation target of 80% against our 2019 
baseline for our own operations three years ahead  
of plan.
We have aligned our plan with  
industry guidance
We have developed our Net Zero Transition Plan in line 
with the latest industry guidance from the Transition Plan 
Taskforce (‘TPT’) and Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net 
Zero (‘GFANZ’). However, it is important to acknowledge 
that the guidance is still evolving and that we are still in 
the early stages of our net zero transition. As such, our 
Net Zero Transition Plan is not set in stone, and we will 
continue to build on it and refine it to ensure that it fully 
addresses the latest industry guidance. 
Our commitment
Phoenix Group is committed to tackling climate change and taking action to manage  
the risks and maximise the opportunities for our customers.
1 AUA at YE2021.
5
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest
 Engage
 Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business
Executive 
summary Measuring our progress

Our Net Zero Transition Plan
Our Net Zero Transition Plan sets out how we will become a net zero  
business by 2050 and achieve our interim targets for 2025 and 2030.
Scale
Our carbon footprint from our investment portfolio, 
own operations and supply chain is material
Targets
We have set clear net zero targets across all  
aspects of our business
Actions
Our Net Zero Transition Plan sets out how  
we will deliver our targets
Own operations
• 8,000 tCO 2e 
• 6,800 colleagues
Net zero 
by 2025 in our own operations (Scope 1, 2 and Scope 3 – Business 
Travel). Net zero in remaining Scope 3 categories by 2050.
Supply chain
• c. 0.2 M tCO2e 
• >1,500 suppliers
50% 
reduction by 2030 in the carbon 
intensity of supply chain
Net zero 
by 2050 in our supply chain
25% 
reduction by 2025 in the 
carbon emissions intensity 
of our listed equity and credit 
assets which we have control 
over (c.£160 billion AUA) 1
50%+
reduction by 2030 in the  
carbon emissions intensity of 
our investments which we have 
control over (c.£250 billion AUA) 1
Net zero 
by 2050 across all our investments  
(c.£310 billion AUA) 1
Invest
1  Decarbonising the portfolio – see pages 30–33
2  Effective stewardship of our assets – see pages 34–37 
3  Investing in climate solutions – see page 38
4  Engage
• Engaging our customers and using our scale to  
drive wider system change– see pages 43–52
5  Lead
• Reducing our direct emissions by decarbonising  
our operations – see pages 55–59
• Reducing our wider emissions by working with all suppliers 
in support of our climate ambition and requiring all to have 
carbon reduction targets – see pages 60–64
Our investment portfolio accounts for c.99%  
of our overall emissions. Addressing these emissions  
is therefore the primary focus of our Net Zero 
Transition Plan
Investment portfolio
• c. 24M tCO2e^
• c.£310 billion AUA1
1 AUA at YE2021.
6
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest
 Engage
 Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business
Executive 
summary Measuring our progress

0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
180
Sustainable 
Multi-Asset
 equity
2022
AUA addressed (£ billion)
Shareholder 
corporate credit 
decarbonisation
UK & US equities Other equities Other credit Total
12
12.5
40
38
57.5
160
2023 2024–25
Decarbonising the portfolio 
We have a directional roadmap 
for decarbonising our 
investment portfolio. We have 
started to implement actions and 
will continue to ensure this is in 
our customers’ best interests.
By reducing the carbon intensity of our investment 
portfolio, we can reduce our customers’ exposure 
to companies with significant climate risk and 
increase their exposure to companies that are 
investing in the net zero transition and aligning 
their business models with low-carbon growth.
Our big initial decarbonisation focus is on our 
£160 billion listed equity and credit portfolio, 
which is the subject of our 2025 target 1.
We began to take action last year with the transfer 
of 1.5 million workplace pension customers into  
our Sustainable Multi Asset strategies, which 
applies an ESG and decarbonising approach  
to £12 billion AUA.  
We are currently developing customised equity 
benchmarks which align with a net zero trajectory. 
We will initially apply the customised benchmark 
to UK and US equity assets accounting for c. 
£40 billion AUA, before rolling it out to other 
regions over the course of 2024 and 2025. We 
will apply decarbonising strategies to our credit 
assets, starting with our shareholder corporate 
credit portfolio (£12.5 billion AUA) before applying  
to other portfolios (£57.5 billion AUA).
Figure 1: Directional roadmap for decarbonising our £160bn listed equity 
and credit portfolio, subject of our 2025 target
In parallel, we are starting to consider other asset 
classes that fall into scope for our 2030 target
The scope of our 2030 target extends to include 
sovereigns, real estate and loans. These are more 
challenging asset classes to decarbonise and we 
have more work to do to develop firm plans.  
Our emerging thinking for sovereigns and real 
estate, the two largest additional asset classes,  
is as follows:
• Sovereigns (£41 billion AUA): Review ‘green’ 
sovereigns investment potential and engage  
with relevant government bodies
• Real estate (£9 billion AUA): Factor climate-
related risks into the underwriting of equity 
release mortgages and consider options to tilt 
portfolio to greener buildings and to engage 
tenants on energy efficiency 
Our overarching goal to be net zero by 2050 
across all our financed emissions also covers 
other collective vehicles and external fund  
links (‘EFLs’). 
In the first instance, we will look to deepen our 
engagement with managers of collective vehicles 
and build our understanding of options to 
decarbonise them.
It is important to note that all potential future 
actions, including those currently in development, 
will be subject to detailed analysis and robust 
governance to ensure decisions are made in 
customers’ best interests.
1
We have firm plans in place to decarbonise 
~£65b assets
Approaches will be 
subsequently rolled out to 
remaining equity and credit
1 AUA at YE2021.
7
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest
 Engage
 Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business
Executive 
summary Measuring our progress

Our stewardship activities focus 
on companies which collectively 
account for c.70% of our 
financed emissions in highly 
emitting companies.
Stewardship is central to our Net Zero 
Transition Plan
As a large asset owner, we recognise our 
stewardship responsibilities and adopt an 
‘engagement first’ approach with the objective 
of using our position of influence to bring about 
corporate change. We see this as one of our 
most effective levers to drive real economy 
emissions reductions. 
This is why we have committed to become 
signatories to the UK Stewardship Code in 2023. 
We are also signatories to both the UN-convened 
Net Zero Asset Owners Alliance (‘NZAOA’) and the 
Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change 
(‘IIGCC’), whose protocols we are using to guide 
our engagement.
Our direct engagement focuses on 25 companies, 
which account for 40%^ of our financed 
emissions in material sectors in corporate  
fixed income and listed equity (figure 2)
We have developed a climate change scorecard, 
which we use to engage with the 25 highest priority 
companies and support their transition to net zero. 
The companies were prioritised on the basis of 
their current emissions, sector and action to date 
on climate change. Utilities and oil and gas are the 
most represented sectors, collectively accounting 
for 13 of the 25 companies (figure 3). On a 
geographic basis, 18 of the 25 companies are 
Effective stewardship of our assets
located in Europe, five are in America and two  
are in Asia.
Progress of our 25 target companies will be 
regularly monitored and, in case of insufficient 
progress, we will consider escalation strategies. 
Where our engagement does not lead to change 
after more than three years of dialogue, we intend 
to recommend the exclusion of assets that do not 
align with our climate and sustainability strategy. 
We have also engaged indirectly with more than 
460 companies through our asset manager 
partners, which collectively account for a further 
29% of our financed emissions from material 
sectors
In 2022, our asset management partners engaged 
on climate change issues with 464 companies held 
in our investment strategies, representing almost 
29% of financed emissions from high-emitting 
sectors in our listed equity and corporate fixed 
income portfolios. Our overall engagement on 
climate change in 2022 therefore covered almost 
70% of financed emissions from material sectors 
(figure 2).
Our voting policy sets expectations for corporate 
management across our listed equity portfolio
Our voting policy includes expectations for 
investee companies to set ambitious science-based 
targets and have robust plans in place to deliver 
them. We are shadow testing the policy on 100 
companies in 2023, with our long-term goal being 
to expand coverage and bring voting in-house for 
passive and enhanced index strategies in the 
future. In 2021, 47% of our listed asset portfolio 
(based on AUA) had either approved science-
based targets (‘SBTs’) in place (31%) or had 
committed to putting SBTs in place (16%).
1  Our Global Voting Principles include expectations of companies on climate change. We are not involved in voting 
decisions directly. We monitor the voting practices of our asset managers using our voting principles as a framework 
of reference after the votes are cast.
2
 Multi-Utilities and Electric Utilities 7
 Integrated Oil & Gas 6
 Airlines 2
 Diversified Metals & Mining 2
 Steel 2
  Diversified chemicals and Speciality Chemicals 2
 Hotels, Resorts & Cruise Lines 1
 Construction Materials 1
 Fertilisers & Agricultural Chemicals 1
  Paper Products 1
8
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest
 Engage
 Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business
Executive 
summary Measuring our progress
Figure 3: Sector coverage of 25 direct engagement companies that 
account for 40% financed emissions in material sectors
Figure 2: Stewardship approach to financed emissions in material sectors
Approach Description
Direct engagement with 
top 25 companies
We are actively engaged directly with 25 companies which account 
for 40% of our financed emissions
Indirect engagement 
through asset managers
In 2022 we indirectly engaged with 464 companies which accounted 
for 29% of our financed emissions and we expect this level of indirect 
engagement to continue in future
Indirect engagement 
through voting policy 1
Our goal is to use our voting policy to set net zero expectations across 
our portfolio
We are committed to increasing 
our investments in climate 
solutions. Along with other 
eligible assets outside climate 
solutions, these will contribute 
to the £40 billion investment 
ambition over a medium- to 
long-term across sustainable and 
productive finance assets, aided 
by a supportive regulatory 
framework and access to 
transformative investment 
projects that offer an attractive 
returns profile.
Investing in climate solutions
We believe that investing in climate solutions  
will enable customers to benefit from growth 
opportunities arising from the economy-wide 
transition to net zero.
The opportunity is huge: it is estimated that around 
£2.7 trillion of investment1 will be required over the 
next 15 years to meet the UK’s emission reduction 
goals, and that the insurance sector has the 
potential to fund up to a third of this investment 
subject to market conditions, organisational credit/
risk appetite, and deal flow that meets asset 
eligibility criteria. Our approach to investing in 
climate solutions encompasses investment in 
climate solution funds, investment in venture 
capital funds and direct investment. 
The £40 billion we could invest encompasses 
sustainable and/or productive assets to support 
economic growth, levelling up and the climate 
change agenda. As ever, our key priority will be  
to deliver good outcomes for our customers,  
and this will continue to inform our investment 
decision-making process.
We will look to scale up our investment  
in climate solutions in three ways
Investment in climate solution funds
In 2022, we selected an asset management 
partner to support us in designing a multi-asset 
‘climate solutions’ mandate, into which we will 
deploy c.£338 million of policyholder assets into  
in 2023. This solution invests in equity and credit 
assets for the climate change leaders of today  
and the future, and companies pursuing a net zero 
decarbonisation strategy. We will look to increase 
our allocation of policyholder assets to climate 
solution funds over the course of 2023  
and beyond.
Investments in venture capital funds
We have a dedicated venture capital fund with  
an initial allocation in excess of £100 million.  
The fund will follow a thematic ESG approach 
within a number of sectors, including Green 
Energy, Fintech and Healthcare, to provide 
attractive risk-adjusted returns. We will look to 
increase our allocation of funds to venture capital 
as opportunities arise to scale the low carbon 
technology companies of the future.
Direct investment
Our ambition is to deploy £10 billion in direct 
investments in sustainable assets by year end 2025 
and further scale up investments in climate 
solutions as part of broader goal to invest up to 
£40bn in sustainable and productive assets 
dependent on favourable policy, regulatory and 
market landscape. Over the last two years we have 
invested £2.3 billion in sustainable assets, including 
c.£0.7 billion in climate solutions.
£338 
million 
of policyholder assets assigned to climate 
solutions mandate
£0.7 billion
invested in climate solutions in 2021 and 2022
£40 billion
Phoenix Group ambition to invest in sustainable 
and/or productive assets with the right 
regulatory, policy and market conditions
3
1 ABI Climate Roadmap.
9
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest
 Engage
 Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business
Executive 
summary Measuring our progress

Engaging our customers and using our scale to drive wider system change are core 
elements of our Net Zero Transition Plan – and crucial to meeting our targets.
Engaging customers and driving system change
Engaging our customers Driving wider system change
We can’t deliver net zero alone and want 
to use our scale and voice to drive wider 
system change
We believe that the actions we have 
already committed to put us on track to 
achieve our 2025 financed emissions 
target under most scenarios. However, 
further action is likely to be needed to 
meet our 2030 target where we have a 
far greater dependency on action by 
others – notably governments and 
high-emitting sectors. We therefore want 
to use our scale and voice to multiply 
impact and drive the wider system 
changes needed to deliver net zero.
We have put our c.12 million customers 
at the heart of our plan
We believe that by decarbonising our 
investment portfolio at a steady pace,  
we will reduce our customers’ exposure  
to climate-related risks and help them 
benefit from the growing sectors of the 
future. Understanding our customers’ 
evolving priorities and expectations on 
climate change and communicating our 
plans with them effectively is crucial to 
the successful delivery of our Net Zero 
Transition Plan.
In 2023 we aim to reach 1.5 million customers to raise awareness  
about the impact of their investments
Customer engagement journey:
We will do this by delivering thought 
leadership, engaging decision-makers 
and collaborating with our peers
Delivering thought leadership
to develop solutions to barriers currently 
hindering the net zero transition
Engaging decision-makers
to inform the debate on the net zero transition 
in the real economy
Collaborating with peers
to amplify our voice and develop new business 
models and end-to-end solutions
Research tells us that our customers are 
concerned about climate change and 
expect us to invest their money in a 
responsible way
80%
concerned about 
climate change
90%
think it’s important 
we invest their 
money responsibly
Finally, we seek to inspire our 
customers to consider the impact 
of their investments so that they 
can align their investment with 
their beliefs. We will bring to life 
our default solutions, so that 
customers can better understand 
the impact of their investment.
The first step of our customer 
engagement journey is to inform 
our customers so they can 
understand more about their 
products and the investments  
that they hold.
The next step is to empower 
our customers with the basic 
investment knowledge to make 
informed decisions, allowing them 
to understand how we as a provider 
act to support them to and  
through retirement.
We will focus on establishing the right regulatory, policy and market  
conditions to enable investment in climate solutions at scale
• Calling for regulatory reform such  
as Solvency II, as well as assessing changes 
to the charge cap and illiquid disclosures 
on default workplace pensions, with  
a view to increasing allocation to 
sustainable investments.
• Identifying policy solutions  that would 
establish the necessary risk-return profiles 
for large investors such as Phoenix Group 
to deploy capital at scale in emerging 
technologies such as hydrogen and 
carbon capture, usage and storage 
(‘CCUS’).
• Developing innovative commercial 
models, both unilaterally and in 
collaboration with others, to overcome 
market barriers to scaling up investment in 
proven technologies such as heat pumps. 
4
3. Inspire
1. Inform
2. Empower
10
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest
 Engage
 Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business
Executive 
summary Measuring our progress

Proportion of key suppliers committed to science-based targets and engaged with CDP
82%^
of our key suppliers 1 have committed to either  
a science-based target or equivalent 
84%
of surveyed suppliers participated  
in our CDP supply chain programme
Figure 4: Progress versus operational Scope 1 and 2  
emissions reduction targets
We have already exceeded our 
2025 target for operational 
emissions reduction and are 
scaling up engagement with  
our key suppliers.
Decarbonising our own operations and supply 
chain is an essential part of our Net Zero 
Transition Plan
While our operational and supply chain emissions 
are small in comparison to our financed emissions, 
they remain an important focus of our Net Zero 
Transition Plan. We recognise the importance  
of leading by example, which is why we have set 
ambitious targets and are implementing strategic 
measures to decarbonise our own operations  
and empower our suppliers to do the same.
We have already exceeded our 2025 target  
for Scope 1 and 2 operational emissions
In 2022 we met and exceeded our 2025 target 
to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 emissions in line  
with a Science-based Targets Initiative (‘SBTi’) 
‘1.5 degrees’ scenario (figure 4). 
We were able to achieve this through a 
combination of purchasing renewable energy, 
investing in energy efficiency measures and  
some buildings consolidation.
Leading by example by decarbonising  
our operations and supply chain
Our focus is now on further eliminating and 
reducing our operational emissions with a 
particular focus on our Scope 3 business travel 
emissions; and preparing to buy carbon removal 
credits to compensate for any remaining 
operational emissions.
We encourage our suppliers to sign up to robust 
emissions reduction targets and are scaling  
up our engagement with our key suppliers
Our supply chain emissions are concentrated in  
a small number of large suppliers, with our top 10 
suppliers representing c.65% of our purchased 
goods and services emissions footprint.
Our initial focus on decarbonising our supply chain 
has been improving our supply chain emissions 
data and engaging key suppliers to adopt SBTi 
reduction targets. Through this engagement we 
share best practice to support their journeys to 
net zero. To date, 82% of our key suppliers have 
committed to either a science-based target or 
target based on the UN’s Race to Zero initiative; 
and our response rate for our CDP supply chain 
programme for our key suppliers has increased  
to 84%.
Our near-term focus is to scale up our engagement 
with key suppliers. In the medium term, our goal is 
to integrate carbon pricing into sourcing and 
procurement decisions, alongside net zero clauses 
and factoring emissions into our tender processes.
0
1,000
2,000
3,000
4,000
5,000
6,000
7,000
8,000
9,000
203020292028202720262025202420232022202120202019
7,905 8,178
2,692
2,391
tCO 2
Year
2025 
target 
4,897 tCO2
 Annual carbon performance (market-based)  
 SBTi target (market-based)
5
1  Key suppliers include: strategic (those that we work closely with due to the strategic nature of the services they provide); critical (suppliers 
where the goods or services provided are limited in the market and barriers to change are complex); and financially important with spend  
≥ £1 million (suppliers that are numerous but where value to Phoenix Group is significant).
11
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest
 Engage
 Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business
Executive 
summary Measuring our progress

 
Invest
 
Lead
 
Engage
We are building momentum on our journey to net zero
Our directional decarbonisation roadmap focuses primarily  
on actions between now and 2025 and is indicative only. 
Nevertheless, it shows how we have already started taking action 
across our investment portfolio, operations and supply chain  
and are now building on these foundations to achieve real scale.
 
We are on track to achieve our 2025 targets
If the actions we have committed to are implemented then we 
believe we will be on track to achieve our 2025 interim target 
under most scenarios. This assessment has been informed by  
our progress to date and our forward-looking emissions  
pathway projection tool.
Beyond 2025 we become increasingly dependent  
on action from others
How likely we are to achieve our 2030 target is currently less 
certain. We become significantly more dependent on 
decarbonisation in the wider economy and action by others – in 
particular government, regulators and high transition risk sectors.
Our Net Zero Transition Plan will continue to evolve
Our Net Zero Transition Plan summarises our latest thinking, but 
we recognise that we are on a journey and have lots more to do. 
We will continue to refine our plan to ensure that we remain  
on track to achieve net zero.
Summary
We believe we are on track to achieve our 2025 targets, if we implement the actions we have committed 
to, but need to do more to achieve our 2030 target, and are increasingly dependent on action by others.
• Undertook initial actions to decarbonise, 
including equity component of the 
Sustainable Multi-Asset workplace 
default (£12 billion AUA)
• Invested £0.7 billion in climate solutions
• Apply decarbonisation levers to listed 
equity and credit portfolio ,including 
customised benchmarks 
• Stewardship strategy implementation
• Scale up investment in productive  
and sustainable assets including  
climate solutions
• Extend decarbonisation levers to other 
asset classes
• Further scale up investment in  
productive and sustainable assets 
including climate solutions
• Government policy  that 
provides the necessary 
signals and support to enable 
investment into climate 
solutions at scale
• Financial sector regulation  
that enables more capital  
to be invested in long-term 
illiquid assets such as  
green infrastructure
• Action from companies in 
high transition risk sectors  
having credible transition 
plans and taking action  
at the required pace
• Hard-to-influence asset 
classes such as sovereign 
bonds, where decarbonisation 
requires action from the  
bond issuer    
• Voluntary carbon markets  
to enable investee companies 
and our own operations to 
offset their residual emissions
• Uptake and commitments  
from key suppliers and top 
emitters, will also be 
dependent on pressure 
they are feeling from other 
customers and within their 
own industry and sector
Key dependencies  
in our Net Zero  
Transition Plan
Summary high-level directional roadmap
• Decarbonised own operations through 
investment in energy efficiency and 
purchasing renewable energy
• Published ESG supply chain standards 
and encouraged sign-up to SBTs and CDP
• Further eliminate and reduce operational 
emissions and offset residual emissions
• Scale up engagement with key suppliers
• Maintain net zero for own operations
• Introduce carbon pricing to supply chain 
decisions and implement sustainable 
strategic sourcing
• Conducted customer research and 
created content to increase customer 
understanding of their products
• Actively participated in industry groups 
and engaged with key decision-makers
• Scale up engagement across all 
consumer brands and channels to inform, 
empower and inspire our customers
• Launch thought leadership programme 
to address dependencies and drive  
wider system change
• Inspire customers to consider the impact 
of their investments and align their 
investment with their beliefs
• Be a leading voice in calling for action 
from others and convening action  
across our ecosystem
2020–2022 2025+2023–2025
Current focus: 
Taking action at scale
Long-term focus: 
Maintaining action & expanding scope
Looking back: 
Setting foundations & starting to act
12
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest
 Engage
 Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business
Executive 
summary Measuring our progress

Climate change is an increasing and urgent threat requiring 
rapid action and economic transition globally if we are to avoid 
the impacts of catastrophic global warming. The transition also 
represents an opportunity through unprecedented investment 
in new, clean technologies.
As the UK’s largest long-term savings and retirement business, 
Phoenix Group has a strategically important role in supporting 
global efforts to transition to a net zero economy for the benefit 
of our customers, shareholders, society and all stakeholders.
The case for action at global and
whole-economy level 14
The case for action for Phoenix Group 16
Our net zero ambitions 17
Our Climate Action Model 18
Climate change nexus with Human rights, 
the just transition and nature  19
Becoming a  
net zero business
13
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
13
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
2022
2021
2020
2023
Emissions (MtCO2e)
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
2031
2032
2033
2034
2035
2036
2037
100
200
300
400
500
600
The case for action at global 
and whole-economy level
T o remain on track to limit global 
temperature rises to 1.5°C, urgent 
action is required. This need for 
action is particularly stark given the 
latest Intergovernmental Panel on 
Climate Change (‘IPCC’) synthesis 
report warning that we are likely to 
breach 1.5°C in the 2030s1, as we are 
not currently on track to meet the 
need to reduce global emissions by 
45% against 2010 levels by 20302. 
In the last two years, we have seen governments 
and companies beginning to set targets 
commensurate with the challenge. At COP26 in 
2021, we saw commitment from governments with 
around 90% of global emissions now covered  
by net zero targets3. 
However, commitments have not automatically led 
to action. Many countries are not on track to deliver 
their existing nationally determined contributions 
and the majority of these plans fall short of limiting 
temperature rises to 1.5°C. It is estimated that 
current national action plans will actually see 
global emissions rise by 11% by 2030, and the  
UN Emissions Gap report showed current policies 
point to a global temperature rise of 2.8°C by the 
end of the century. 
Limiting temperature rises to 1.5°C requires 
‘wide-ranging, large-scale, rapid and systemic 
transformation’ without delay4. This is particularly 
pertinent in the UK where the Climate Change 
Committee’s (‘CCC’) 2022 Progress in Reducing 
Emissions report found either some risks, 
significant policy risks or insufficient plans for 61% 
of the required emissions reduction to meet the 
Sixth Carbon Budget (the volume of greenhouse 
gases the UK can emit during the period 2033–
2037), as shown in the figure 5 opposite. 
The physical consequences of not acting quickly 
enough to tackle climate change are becoming 
ever clearer, and successive climate models have 
revised downwards the temperature at which 
severe impacts will occur 5. We are experiencing 
the effects of climate change already: 2022 saw 
record temperatures in the UK, water shortages 
in Europe, wildfires in North America, an 
unprecedented heatwave in China and  
extreme flooding in Pakistan. 
Figure 5 – Assessment of UK stated policy impact  
on delivering emissions reductions6
There are significant risks to achieving the UK’s Sixth Carbon Budget with credible policy plans  
in place for 39% of the required emissions reduction.
1 IPCC AR6 Synthesis Report.
2 Net Zero Coalition | United Nations.
3 Science-based targets – Net Zero Standard.
4 Emissions Gap Report 2022 – UNEP.
5  Towards more transparent and robust climate-change risk assessments – Nature.
6 CCC 2022 Progress Report to Parliament.
 Baseline
 Unexplained emissions reductions
 Credible plans 
 Some risks 
 Significant risks
 Insufficient plans
 Government pathway
14
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
+£80bn
Captal costs (+£bn)
Operating cost savingss (-£bn)
+£60bn
+£40bn
+£20bn
£0
-£20bn
+£40bn
+£60bn
20252020 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
The case for action at global 
and whole-economy level continued
Delivering the transition and real-world 
decarbonisation to achieve the 1.5°C target will not 
be easy and comes with a large investment 
requirement in infrastructure and technology. 
This commitment to 1.5°C will need to see business 
models evolve to deliver lower-carbon operations 
and also work with supply chains to reduce 
emissions. The Association of British Insurers (‘ABI’) 
has estimated £2.7 trillion of investment is needed 
in the UK between 2021–35, of which its members 
could provide around £0.9 trillion, or £60 billion 
per annum1. However, this is a small proportion of 
the £1.9 trillion of assets managed by the UK 
insurance and long-term savings industry 2. It is 
clear that our sector has a critical role to play in the 
net zero journey.
Analysis by the CCC, shown in figure 6, 
demonstrates that investment costs are, over time, 
outweighed by the savings they deliver. In the 
long-term, this is a cross-economy ‘spend to save’ 
scheme. And in the shorter term, many of the 
actions we need to take to accelerate the transition 
to net zero are the same actions we need to take 
to address the energy crisis.
As outlined in the Mission Zero, Independent 
Review of Net Zero by the Rt Hon Chris Skidmore 
MP, early action also increases the opportunity to 
capture financial returns from high growth ‘clean’ 
assets, with the UK well positioned to develop 
comparative advantage in technologies such as 
offshore wind, carbon capture usage and storage, 
hydrogen and sustainable finance 3. 
Delay is costly: globally, the estimated yearly 
additional cost to the financial sector of corporates 
delaying their net zero transition beyond 2026 
could reach US$ 272 billion for every year that 
sufficient climate action is not taken 4. In the UK, 
the Office of Budget Responsibility and Bank 
of England have both warned that a late and 
abrupt response to climate risk would trigger  
a ‘messy recession’ 5. 
It is therefore imperative that the scale of  
financing meets the urgency and scale of the 
challenge to deliver growth and mitigate risk.
Figure 6 – Capital investment costs and operating  
cost savings in the CCC balanced net zero pathway6
Whilst the capital costs to reach net zero are significant, the operating cost savings  
outweigh them over time. 
 Other
 Networks
 Electricity supply 
 Buildings
 Surface transport
1 ABI Climate Roadmap.
2 ABI response to green finance strategy call for evidence.
3 Net Zero Review – Final Report.
4 Emissions Gap Report 2022 – UNEP.
5 Cost for the Financial Sector if Firms Delay Climate Action.
6 Sixth Carbon Budget – CCC
15
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
The case for action 
for Phoenix Group
There is a clear case for action 
to address climate change at a 
whole-economy level, and the 
same is true for Phoenix Group. 
By taking the right actions to decarbonise, we can 
help our customers and shareholders grow their 
investments and protect them against risk and help 
society to achieve net zero. 
We can also utilise our scale and influence to work 
with our colleagues, suppliers and industry bodies 
to deliver wider systemic change.
Our core role is to invest and manage assets on 
behalf of our customers to help them secure a life 
of possibilities. In doing so, we must balance the 
need for returns with the right level of risk. Both of 
those elements – risk and return – point towards 
decarbonising our investments in a way that 
reduces our customers’ exposure to climate-
related risk and ensures continued stable financial 
returns. We know that our customers expect us to 
take action, with recent research finding that 90% 
of customers think that it’s important we invest 
their money in a responsible way and 80% of 
customers concerned about climate change. With 
c.£260 billion assets under administration (AUA), 
we can play a meaningful role in accelerating the 
broader economy-wide transition to net zero.
By decarbonising our portfolio at the right pace, 
we can reduce our exposure to companies with 
significant climate risk whose business models 
may become obsolete as the world decarbonises. 
We can increase our holdings in companies that 
are investing in the net zero transition and aligning 
their business models with low-carbon growth. 
And we can invest directly in low-carbon solutions, 
from wind farms to energy-efficient housing, 
which offer long-term, stable, reliable returns. 
Our position as a ‘universal owner’ with diversified 
investments across asset classes, sectors and 
geographies with long time horizons provides 
exposure to the entire economy. This enables 
active engagement, through coalitions or directly 
with investee companies with a particular focus on 
the transition of high-emitting companies to low- 
carbon business models. 
While responsibility for accelerating the transition 
rightly rests with us and other investors, we need 
government and regulators to act too. In many 
areas, such as offshore wind and solar PV, there  
is a proven investment case and a strong pipeline  
of investable projects. But in other areas – such  
as energy efficiency, hydrogen and carbon 
capture and storage (‘CCS’) – the pipeline of 
investable projects is still not strong enough, 
largely because investable business models  
have not been established. 
We support additional measures from 
governments to focus market incentives on 
accelerating investment in net zero-aligned 
infrastructure as part of a pro-growth, pro-business 
transition, as outlined in Mission Zero, Independent 
Review of Net Zero by the Rt Hon Chris Skidmore 
MP. If governments and regulators act quickly to 
put those business models in place – and ensure 
that regulations such as Solvency II are designed  
to unlock investment – we can turbocharge the  
net zero transition in a way that delivers maximum 
benefit to the economy and our customers.
The overwhelming scientific and economic 
consensus is that we need to limit global warming 
to 1.5° C and early action will significantly reduce 
the disruption. The speed at which decarbonisation 
happens will be determined by a range of factors 
including government policy, development 
and deployment of technology for net zero 
infrastructure and consumer behaviour. Our role is 
to steward our shareholder and customer interests 
to manage the risk, uncertainty and opportunity  
of the transition.
Phoenix Group’s  
case for action
Seizing growth opportunities
Cutting emissions requires 
investment and transformation 
in key sectors – we can deliver 
strong returns by investing in 
growing businesses.
Reducing risk
Assets which do not adapt to the 
needs of a net zero economy 
create risk for our customers 
and shareholders
Playing our part
There is an urgent need for 
action this decade – and 
Phoenix has the size and scale 
to make a difference
16
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Our net zero ambitions
Our ambition is to be a net zero 
business by 2050. T o deliver this 
ambition we have set stretching 
targets across our investment 
portfolio, own operations and 
supply chain.
We are focused on being net zero across our 
business by 2050, aligning with the UK 
Government’s net zero goal and goals of the Paris 
Agreement. In 2021, we developed two interim 
stretching targets: a 25% reduction in the carbon 
intensity of our listed equity and credit assets by 
2025 and at least a 50% reduction in the carbon 
intensity of all our investment assets under our 
control by 2030. 
Our targets for all in-scope investment portfolio 
assets – listed equity, credit, business loans and 
real estate loans, as well as Scope 1 and Scope 2 for 
our own operations – have been submitted to the 
Science Based Targets Initiative for validation.
We have a substantial financed emissions baseline 
for our investment portfolio at year-end 2019 of 
24 million tonnes CO2e, consisting of 15 million 
tonnes from our listed equity and credit portfolio 
and 9 million tonnes from our sovereign debt 
and real estate portfolios. 
By decarbonising our investment portfolio at the 
right pace, we will reduce our customers’ exposure 
to climate-related risks and help them benefit from 
the growing sectors of the future.
Our climate targets
2025 2030 2050
25%
reduction in the carbon emission intensity 
of our investment portfolio for listed equity 
and credit assets 1
Net zero
across our operations 2
At least
50%
reduction in the carbon emission  
intensity of our investment portfolio  
for assets under our control 3
50%
reduction in the carbon intensity  
of our supply chain
Net zero
investment portfolio
Net zero
supply chain
1 This will cover all listed equity and credit where Phoenix Group can exercise control and influence (c. £160 billion as at YE2021). 
2 Scope 1 , 2 and Scope 3 – Business Travel.
3 This will cover all assets at a Group level where Phoenix can exercise control and influence (c. £250 billion AUA as at YE2021).
 
 
17
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Our climate ambition
To optimise value for our customers and play a key role in delivering a net zero economy. We do this by decarbonising our investments, 
operations and supply chain to manage risks; investing in the growing sectors of the future to take advantage of the opportunities; and 
being a leading voice in calling for action and driving system change. 
Our purpose
Helping people secure a life of possibilities 
Metrics and targets
Set clear targets for cutting emissions and publish transparent data on our performance against them.
Read more on  
pages 74 
Scenario analysis,  
people capability,  
data and technology
Read more on  
page 72 
Risk management
Read more on  
page 72 
Governance
Read more on  
page 67 
Invest
• Decarbonising our 
investment portfolio:  
Transforming our portfolio to 
increase net zero alignment.
• Effective stewardship of  
our assets:  Working with 
investees and asset managers 
to drive emission reduction 
and reduce risk.
• Investing in climate solutions: 
Investing in the growing 
companies and sectors  
of the future.
Read more on  
page 20 
Lead
• Reducing our direct 
emissions  by decarbonising 
our operations.
• Reducing our wider emissions  
by working with all suppliers 
in support of our climate 
ambition and requiring all to 
have carbon reduction targets.
Read more on  
page 53 
Engage
• Engaging our customers and 
employees on the role they 
can play in delivering net zero.
• Working collaboratively  
with partners  to deliver  
cross-sector change and 
thought leadership.
Read more on  
page 42 
Our Climate 
Action Model
Our Climate Action Model sets out our 
framework for developing and delivering 
our Net Zero Transition Plan. It is structured 
around three strategic pillars of Invest, 
Engage and Lead. 
 
Our strategic pillars are anchored by the strength of our governance 
and risk management frameworks, scenario analysis and the 
ongoing investment in our people capabilities, climate data  
and technology platforms. 
We recognise that delivering our net zero ambitions is a journey  
and whilst we have made good progress to date, we know we have a 
long way to go. Much of our work to date has focused on laying the 
groundwork to deliver our net zero transition – in particular emissions 
baselining, strategy development and mandatory disclosures.
This work is described in detail in our 2022 Climate Report, which 
was prepared in accordance with the recommendations and 
recommended disclosures of the Financial Stability Board’s Task 
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (‘TCFD’). A summary 
of our progress against the TCFD’s four pillars of governance, 
strategy, risk management and targets and metrics is included  
in Appendix page 77. 
  
Our initial steps to decarbonise our investment portfolio, operations 
and supply chain, and our plans to build on them are described in  
the Invest, Engage and Lead sections on pages 42–65.
18
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Climate change nexus with  
human rights, the just transition 
and nature
We recognise that climate action cannot be addressed in a silo, 
and that it is linked with other challenges captured in our 
Group sustainability strategy. 
Human rights and the just transition 
The Paris Agreement recognised the importance of a ‘just 
transition’ – a transition to a low-carbon economy which 
addresses social and economic risks and opportunities for 
people, communities and industries facing dislocation and 
disruption. The UK government’s Green Job Taskforce 
highlighted that there are more than 400,000 jobs in low carbon 
businesses and their supply chains, generating more than 
£42 billion of revenue1. Just as the net zero transition offers job 
creation, better quality or higher income jobs and co-benefits of 
better air quality and related health benefits, so some industries 
and job sectors will face job or income loss. These socio-
economic effects have regional dynamics. Areas that are 
dependent on high-emitting industries are likely to face 
challenges related to worker displacement or job losses,  
while regions with favourable conditions for renewable  
energy production will face the impacts of large infrastructure 
projects and rapid economic growth 2.
Greater flexibility under the proposed reforms to Solvency II 
present a significant opportunity for insurers such as Phoenix 
to direct more private sector capital into the real economy, 
which can support a just transition. Phoenix plans to increase 
investments in illiquid assets and sustainable investments over the 
next five years (subject to regulatory and market conditions), to 
support house building, green energy, and local communities 
across the country, without compromising policyholder  
protection. As an example, we are collaborating with the 
Chamber of Commerce in Edinburgh to support a just transition 
to a low-carbon economy, as part of an eight-year programme 
through to 2030.
Climate-nature nexus 
Increasingly, nature is regarded as the ‘next frontier’ for the 
financial sector, as the sector’s management of climate-related 
financial risks becomes more sophisticated and as 
understanding of the interdependencies between climate 
and nature-risk increases. 
At the hands of human activity, nature is being rapidly degraded 
due to changes in land and ocean use, over-exploitation of 
natural resources, climate change, water and air pollution and the 
introduction of invasive species. Climate change is both a driver 
and a consequence of the degradation of nature and, as a result, 
further degradation is likely to significantly hamper the world’s 
ability to achieve its climate net zero goals.
Companies in our investment portfolio, supply chain and our 
operations can both impact and depend on nature, resulting in 
physical, transition and systemic risks to our business. We are at 
the start of our journey in managing nature risk and opportunity, 
that will be critical in ensuring our long-term sustainability as 
a business.
The Taskforce for Nature-related Financial Disclosures (‘TNFD’) is 
developing a framework to help assess nature-related risks and 
opportunities, and follows a similar structure to TCFD. We are 
working with our asset management partners and data providers 
to pilot test the LEAP (Locate, Evaluate, Assess and Prepare) 
approach, which is a concept introduced in the draft TNFD 
framework to help corporates to identify their nature-related 
risks. We will aim to adopt the final recommendations of the 
TNFD framework to allow us to start integrating nature into 
decision-making.
In 2022 we released our nature statement, which sets out our call 
to action. We will:
Invest in the future
• Understand the impact and dependence of our investment 
portfolio on nature and review our investment strategy to take 
nature-related risks and opportunities into consideration
•  Through our stewardship approach, work with our asset 
management partners and investee companies to help  
halt and reverse the degradation of nature
•  Seek investment opportunities which actively support the 
transition towards a nature-positive economy.
Lead by example
•  Identify, measure and reduce our direct and indirect impact 
and dependency on nature through our own operations
•  Reduce our wider impact and dependency on nature by 
encouraging all suppliers to align to a nature-positive ambition
•  Adopt the final recommendations of the TNFD framework  
to allow us to start integrating nature into decision-making
Engage to multiply our impact
•  Collaborate through nature-related alliances and with partners 
to exchange knowledge and develop common approaches  
to help deliver change and thought leadership
•  Engage our customers, c.6,800 employees, communities  
and wider stakeholders on the role they can play in delivering  
a nature-positive economy
•  Work with regulators and policymakers to support the 
standardisation of approaches and advance the nature agenda.
1 Green Jobs Taskforce.
2 International Labour Organisation.
19
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Invest at a glance 21
Size up exposure 22 
Plan the journey 26
Execute actions 29
Monitor and refine 41
Invest
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
20
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Our financed emissions account for 99% of our Group’s carbon 
footprint. Our approach to align our customers’ financial 
interests by reducing their exposure to climate risk and 
helping them benefit from green growth is a huge part 
of our Net Zero Transition Plan.
Size up exposure Plan the journey
Our approach to decarbonising our investments  
portfolio follows a four-step process:
1  Size up exposure
2  Plan the journey
3  Execute actions
4  Monitor and refine
 
Pages 22 to 41 describe each step in more detail 
 
Invest at a glance
As the UK’s largest long-term savings and 
retirement business, we are responsible for 
managing c.£0.3 trillion of assets. The size 
of our investment portfolio means that it is 
the area of our business with the largest 
carbon footprint (c.99%) and greatest 
potential exposure to climate-related risks. 
It is also a source of opportunity – giving 
us transformative power to allocate  
capital in a sustainable way.
We have footprinted our listed equity, credit, real estate and 
sovereign bond portfolio assets in line with the Partnership for 
Carbon Accounting Financials (‘PCAF’) standard:
24m
tonnes CO 2e financed 
emissions baseline in 2019^
15%
reduction in carbon footprint 
between 2019 and 2021 – 
although primarily a 
consequence of Covid^
We have set stretching interim targets, aligned with  
the science, on our journey to net zero by 2050:
25% 
reduction in emissions 
intensity from listed equities 
and credit under our control 
and influence (£160 billion 
AUA1) by 2025
50% 
at least 50% reduction in 
emissions intensity from all 
assets under our control (£250 
billion AUA1 )by 2030
Net zero
across all assets (£310 billion AUA 1) by 2050
We have three key levers that we will seek to apply to deliver 
positive outcomes for our customers.
We are establishing a robust monitoring process to ensure that 
our journey to our decarbonisation targets is dynamic and that 
we can respond to changing circumstances. Through this 
process we currently believe that:
• We are on track to achieve our 2025 target under most  
of the scenarios we have considered.
• Our 2030 target will be more challenging given the scale  
of transformation required. We will be dependent on 
government policy action and more rapid system level 
response to make it attractive to invest. 
We are heavily dependent on the decarbonisation of the wider 
economy to ensure our targets can be met and therefore will 
work with industry partners and government to drive system-
wide change.
 
Execute actions Monitor and refine
1. Decarbonising our investment portfolio – we have firm 
strategies for ~ £65 billion assets and will introduce decarbonising 
strategies for the rest of our £160 billion listed equity and credit 
portfolio over 2024–25
2. Effective stewardship of our assets – including a direct 
engagement programme for 25 high-emitting companies that 
account for 40% of our listed financed emissions in material sectors
3. Directing finance to climate solutions  – including our recent 
assignment of a £338 million investment into a new multi asset 
climate solution fund
Read more on pages 22 – 25 
Read more on page 29 – 40 
Read more on page 26 – 28 
Read more on page 41 
2
4
1
3
1 AUA at YE2021 
21
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Size up exposure
Measuring our carbon footprint
Our financed emissions baseline, 
which covers listed equity, credit, 
sovereign bonds and real estate assets, 
was 24 million tonnes CO2e in 2019^ 
(see figure 7). Our baseline serves as 
the starting position for our 
decarbonisation journey and is the 
reference point from which we will 
determine progress. It also provides 
us with important information about 
where we should prioritise our 
decarbonisation activities. 
We use current industry best practice to help 
determine our carbon emission baseline, and  
have adopted the current industry standard 
methodologies as developed by the Partnership 
for Carbon Accounting Financials (‘PCAF’).
Our 2019 baseline of 24 million tonnes CO 2e^ 
consists of 15 million tonnes from our listed equity 
and credit¹1 portfolio and 9 million tonnes from 
our sovereign debt and real estate portfolios. 
Between 2019 and 2021 these emissions reduced 
by c.15%, largely driven by our listed equity and 
listed credit¹ portfolio financed emissions reducing 
from c.15 million tonnes CO2e a to c.12 million 
tonnes CO2e. 
We believe this reduction is largely a result of the 
economic slowdown due to Covid-19. As a result,  
it is not appropriate to use the reduction observed 
between these two time points as an indicator of 
our future trajectory, since subsequent years may 
show an increase in absolute carbon emissions 
(relative to the 2021 year-end position) owing to the 
bounce-back of the global economy post Covid-19. 
Over the same period we saw our listed equity and 
credit emissions intensity similarly fall, driven by the 
same Covid-19 factors as shown in figure 8. 
Our financed emissions 
 2019
 2021
We have seen a significant 
fall in emissions intensity 
of our equity and credit 
portfolio and a smaller fall 
in our sovereign bonds and 
real estate portfolios.
Figure 8: Economic emissions intensity of our baselined 
investment portfolio^
 Real estate
 Sovereign bonds
 Listed equity
 Credit
Our total financed emissions 
across listed equities and 
credit¹ and other assets we 
control and influence (which 
accounted for c.£250 billion 
AUA in 2021) fell by 15% 
between 2019 and 2021.
Figure 7: Absolute carbon emissions of our baselined  
investment portfolio^
9.2
10.4
4.6
9.0
0.1
24.3 million
0.1
20.7 million
7.6
4.0
0
5
15
25
2019 2021
tCO 2e
200
250
Listed 
equity
0
50
100
150
72
94
Credit
74
111
Listed equity 
and credit (total)
105
73
218
235
Sovereign 
bonds
1921
Real 
estate
tCO 2 e / £m
1
1 AUA at YE2021 
22
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
High transition risk sectors1 
exposures are the key driver of 
emissions from our listed equity 
and credit assets. In 2019, 25% AUA 
in the portfolio was exposed to 
high transition risk sectors, which 
accounted for 89% of overall listed 
equity and credit emissions (figures 9 
and  10). 
In 2021 the exposure to high transition risk sectors 
(energy, utilities, materials and industrial) had 
dropped to 20%, which accounted for 71% of 
overall listed equity and credit emissions. This was 
primarily due to a reduction in absolute carbon 
emissions from the utilities sector, driven by a fall in 
power demand during the global pandemic. The 
proportion of our listed equity and credit portfolio 
exposed to the fossil fuel industry was 8% ^ at 2021 
year-end.
1 Sectors that are vulnerable in a transition to a net zero economy. 
 Size up exposure continued 
Listed equity and credit assets
Our listed equity and credit emissions are 
concentrated with our top 10 emitting 
counterparties, which account for 5% of AUA, but 
33% of listed equity and credit emissions (figure 11). 
On a geographic basis, the majority of the absolute 
emissions in our listed asset portfolio is from 
investee companies based in Europe (60%), 
followed by North America (25%) and Asia (11%) 
(figure 12).
This concentration of transition risk helps us to 
understand where to best focus our investee 
company engagement and policy advocacy 
by sector and by geography. We detail our 
stewardship approach on pages 34–37.
As at 2021, almost half of our listed asset portfolio  
is invested in counterparties that have committed 
to set or have already set approved science-based 
targets (‘SBTs’) that are consistent with the goals 
of the Paris Agreement (see figure 13). 
The metric is based on whether an investee 
company has affiliated itself to the SBTi, either by 
committing to and being in the process of setting 
SBTs, or by already having approved SBTs.  
We have seen a 20% increase from 2019 to 2021  
in companies having either approved SBTs (15%  
to 32%) or committed to SBTs (13% to 16%). This 
metric gives an indication of the extent to which 
our investee companies are committed to taking 
action to reduce their emissions and therefore 
increasing resilience against climate risks.
Listed equity and credit assets exposure (as at year-end 2021)
Our financed emissions baseline is largely driven by investee companies in high transition risk sectors.
Figure 9: Sector exposure as % of listed AUA ^
2019 2021
 Energy 5% 4%
 Utilities 6% 4%
 Materials 4% 4%
 Industrial 10% 8%
 Other 75% 80%
Figure 11: Top 10 counterparty exposure
% of listed portfolio AUA* 5%
% of listed portfolio emission 33%
Average data quality score (see data quality section) 1.0 
Number with SBTi targets 4/10 
Figure 12: Geographic exposure as % of 
absolute emissions
Figure 13: Split of the listed investment 
portfolio by science-based target status. 
 
Close to 50% of  
our portfolio has  
either committed  
to or already set  
science-based targets.
2019 2021
 Approved SBTi targets 15% 32%
 Committed SBTi targets 13% 16%
 No formal SBTs 72% 53%
Figure 10: Sector exposure as % of listed 
asset absolute emissions
2019 2021
 Energy 19% 21%
 Utilities 38% 18%
 Materials 24% 26%
 Industrial 8% 6%
 Other 11% 29%
2019 2021
 Europe 71% 60%
  North America 13% 25%
 Asia 8% 11%
 Other regions 4% 3%
 Oceania 4% 2%
1
20% AUA in  
high transition  
risk sectors
71% AUA in  
high transition  
risk sectors
23
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Size up exposure continued 
Expanding our carbon footprint baseline
Our carbon footprint baseline 
currently covers c.77% of AUA and we 
have a roadmap to extend its coverage 
to 100% of AUA.
In 2021, we began to calculate the carbon footprint 
of our investment portfolio to develop our 2019 
baseline. We started with our c. £162 billion listed 
equity and credit portfolio which was c.53% of  
our total investment portfolio and is the scope  
of our 2025 target. Since 2021, we have extended 
the baseline to include sovereign bonds and 
commercial real estate assets, which together 
account for a further £47 billion (15%) of our 
investment portfolio. As at year-end 2022, we have 
evaluated the baseline of 100% of the investments 
in scope of the 2025 target, and c.95% of the 
investments covered by the 2030 target. (see  
Table 1). Our 2030 target covers all investments 
where we exercise influence and control, which 
constitutes c.81% of our portfolio. 
 Our footprint calculations use the financed 
emissions methodology as developed by the 
Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials 
(‘PCAF’) insofar as possible. PCAF is a global 
partnership of financial institutions that work 
together to develop and implement a harmonised 
approach to assess and disclose Greenhouse 
gasses (GHG) emissions associated with their  
loans and investments.
As we expanded our carbon footprint baseline,  
we prioritised asset categories based on materiality 
and where measurement methodologies have 
been established by PCAF. The financed  
emissions baseline is calculated using Scope 1 and 2 
emissions of the companies we finance. A clear 
limitation therefore is that the calculation relies 
upon good quality disclosure from our investee 
companies. We plan to undertake additional 
calculation to include Scope 3 emissions of 
investee companies when disclosures permit  
and the data is sufficiently robust.
Table 1: Roadmap to expand our carbon footprint baseline (based on 2021 AUA)
 Asset class Scope of portfolio 
decarbonisation target 
£bn1 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025+
Listed assets 2 (equity & credit) 2025 target 
2030 target
2050 
target
162     
Cash 29     
Sovereign bonds 42     
Commercial real estate  
(equity and loans) 
5     
Loans (non-real estate) 3 7     
Equity release mortgages 4     
Alternatives – private  
placement loans
1     
Other collective vehicles / 
External Fund Links 4 
58     
AUM covered in carbon footprint baseline £308bn £191bn £238bn £244bn £250bn £308bn 
% of Total AUM covered  62% 77% 79% 81% 100% 
% 2025 target covered 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
% 2030 target covered 76% 95% 98% 100% 100%
Notes: 
1 Figures provided are based on YE21 values from Phoenix’s Report and Accounts, adjusted to reflect exposures in collective vehicles.
2 Captures listed assets within segregated portfolios, PUTM funds and certain EFLs where look-through data is available.
3 Captures infrastructure debt (including local authority loans and municipal bonds) and private placements.
4 This figure has been derived as a balancing figure to enable the total AUM to equate to YE21 balance sheet value.
1
24
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Alongside our carbon footprint we  
are adopting a suite of metrics that  
we will use to track progress towards  
our interim targets and overall goal  
of net zero by 2050.
Central to this is increasing the provision of climate 
data and developing proprietary tools to improve 
our ability to measure and manage our exposure 
to climate risk. We have adopted a suite of metrics 
that we will use to track our progress and utilise 
scenario analysis to assess long-term risk to our 
investment portfolio. Our suite of climate metrics 
is shown in Table 2.
Enhancing our climate data
We recognise that the provision of climate data is 
a developing market, with multiple data vendors 
providing data at differing levels of granularity  
and coverage. As such, we believe it is important  
to continue to evolve the way in which we use 
climate data to be able to reduce gaps in our 
analysis. In 2021, we onboarded our primary 
provider of counterparty emissions data as  
well as a specialist climate model provider. 
Subsequently, in 2022, we undertook a second 
exercise to identify additional providers to improve 
the coverage and granularity of our datasets  
and have onboarded two additional vendors.  
We expect to evolve and refine our approach  
to utilise data effectively as new market  
information becomes available.
Table 2: Utilising climate metrics
We calculate a comprehensive set of metrics that allows us to measure and manage the impacts of transition and physical risk on our investment portfolio,  
as shown below. 
Measure Metric Unit Methodology Overview
Carbon 
profile
Absolute financed emissions tCO2e PCAF Captures a portfolio’s fair share of emissions of the investee companies 
Economic emissions intensity tCO2e/£m invested PCAF Expresses portfolio emissions per unit of capital invested 
Revenue emissions intensity (WA CI) tCO2e/$m revenue TCFD Expresses portfolio emissions per unit of sales revenue of the  
investee companies 
Transition 
risk
Percentage of assets exposed to high 
transition risk sectors
% of AUA Bespoke Proportion of portfolio invested in sectors that are vulnerable in a 
transition to a net zero economy 
Exposure to the fossil fuel industry % of AUA Bespoke Proportion of portfolio invested in the fossil fuel industry based on 
revenue threshold 
Portfolio 
alignment
Science-based Targets  
portfolio coverage
% of AUA TCFD Proportion of portfolio invested in companies that have set science- 
based targets 
Data 
quality
Data quality score Data score from 1–5 PCAF Hierarchy which allows the scoring of the quality of emissions data of 
individual companies
We review our suite of climate risk metrics on an annual basis to ensure they remain relevant in identifying, measuring and managing our exposure to climate-
related risk and opportunity. We recognise that climate risk metrics is an evolving area, and we will continue to develop our thinking in line with emerging best 
practice, industry guidance and regulatory change.
Size up exposure continued 
Data and metrics
1
25
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Listed equities  
and credit 
c.£160bn
Other assets we control  
and influence 
c.£90bn
External  
fund links 
c.£60bn
By 2050
cut carbon intensity of  
our entire portfolio to 
Net Zero 
(covering c.£310bn 
AUA)
By 2030
cut carbon intensity of all 
assets we control and 
influence by at least 
50% 
(covering c.£250bn AUA) 
By 2025
cut carbon intensity of 
listed equities and credit 
under control and influence by
 25%
 (covering c.£160bn AUA)
2 Values and percentages for SBTi are based on YE2019 values.
 Plan the journey
Setting targets
Our long-term goal is for our financed 
emissions to be net zero by 2050. We 
have also set interim goals to reduce 
our financed emissions intensity by 
25% by 2025 and by at least 50% by 
20301. These targets help drive efforts 
across the business, and to transpose 
our long-term net zero ambition into 
meaningful interim steps which serve 
as critical milestones on the journey.
Our 2025 target covers all listed equity and credit 
(c. £160 billion) and our 2030 target covers all 
assets at a Group level where we can exercise 
control and influence (c. £250 billion) – see figure 14.
Our approach to setting our interim 
decarbonisation targets for 2025 and 2030 
follows recognised protocols as developed by the 
Net Zero Asset Owner Alliance (‘NZAOA’) . We 
engaged with an expert consultancy to calibrate 
and ensure the suitability of our decarbonisation 
targets, and in particular referred to transition 
scenarios produced by the International Energy 
Agency (‘IEA’) and the Intergovernmental Panel on 
Climate Change (‘IPCC’). Our targets are centred 
on pathways to restrict change in global mean 
temperature to +1.5°C relative to pre-industrial 
levels, with limited or no overshoot and credible 
assumptions on technological developments such 
as carbon capture. 
To further our external targets, we will develop 
other internal targets relating to specific asset 
categories and sectors. These will help ensure 
focus in the immediate term and to appropriately 
identify any divergence from the desired pathway 
as early as possible. 
Setting a science-based target
We have also set a temperature score-based target 
for our listed equity, public credit, business and 
and real estate loan portfolios that we have 
submitted to the SBTi for validation. We adopted 
the CDP- WWF methodology that converts 
portfolio company target commitments first into a 
company-level score before being aggregated into 
a portfolio-wide temperature score. Our targets 
are set at the portfolio level and based on a linear 
reduction in temperature score to 1.5 degrees 
by 2040.
Our target is to align our portfolio temperature 
score from 2.8°C in 2019 to 2.6°C by 2025 and 
2.2°C by 2030, with the trajectory in line with SBTi 
guidance. The temperature score is calculated  
for c.£168 billion 2 (c.57% of AUA) that includes 
c.£162 billion of listed equities and credit 
(excluding sovereigns), and c.£5 billion of 
commercial real estate loans and private 
placement loans.
Figure 14: Emissions reduction target coverage1
Using the value of our AUA in 2021 for reference, the coverage of our emissions reduction targets 
grows from £160 billion (53%) of AUA in 2025 to c.£250 billion (81%) in 2030 and c.£310 billion 
(100%) in 2050.
2
1  2025 target covers listed equity and credit under our control and 
influence and 2030 target covers all assets we control and influence.
26
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
We use scenario analysis to better 
understand our financed emissions 
trajectory under potential 
decarbonisation pathways  
for the overall economy. 
The level of action we need to take to meet our 
net zero targets is heavily dependent on the extent 
of broader economy-wide decarbonisation. We 
have therefore developed an emissions pathway 
projection tool which estimates the potential 
impact of different economy-wide decarbonisation 
scenarios on our financed emissions. 
The tool uses the Network for Greening the 
Financial System (‘NGFS’) and Inevitable Policy 
Response (‘IPR’) family of scenarios to build our 
understanding of carbon emission pathways, which 
we also use to assess our balance sheet’s resilience 
against climate risk.
 Plan the journey continued 
Scenario analysis and modelling
The NGFS family of scenarios is the product of 
a suite of integrated assessment models which 
combine macro-economic, agriculture and 
land-use, energy, water and climate systems into 
a common framework. This enables the analysis 
of the complex and non-linear dynamics in and 
between these components. The integrated 
assessment models offer detailed representations 
of energy systems, generates cost-effective 
transition pathways and features several climate 
mitigation options.
This is complementary to the IPR family of 
scenarios, which considers ‘real world’ policy 
changes, and also includes changes in the  
food and land system. 
To complement the NGFS and IPR scenarios and 
reflect recent experience, we have created our 
own ‘Covid bounce-back’ scenario.  Our year-end 
2021 analysis indicates a significant reduction in 
absolute carbon emissions relative to our year-end 
2019 baseline position. We believe this is primarily 
due to the global economic slowdown caused 
by Covid-19, so this observed trajectory is not 
necessarily indicative of future experience as 
the world emerges from the global pandemic. 
Therefore, the development and use of our own 
scenario has been performed to allow for this 
potential uptick in emissions.
The full set of scenarios we consider are outlined 
in Table 3.
Table 3: Summary of economy-wide decarbonisation scenarios  
used in our emissions pathway projection tool
Scenario 
family
Scenario Description
NGFS Current policies Existing climate policies remain in place, but there is no strengthening of ambition level, 
leading to a temperature rise exceeding 3°C and severe and irreversible physical 
impacts. Heightened physical risks are assumed through high climate sensitivity,  
high ice-sheet melt and increasing tropical cyclone risks.
Nationally Determined 
Contributions (‘NDCs’)
Pledged unconditional NDCs are implemented fully, and respective targets on energy 
and emissions in 2025 and 2030 are reached. Beyond current NDC target times (2025 
and 2030), climate policy ambition remains comparable to levels implied by NDCs.
Delayed transition Imposes the 2°C target in 2100 and allows for temporary overshoot. Annual emissions do 
not decrease until 2030. Strong policies are then needed to limit warming to below 2°C. 
This scenario includes regional carbon price variation. Regions with net zero targets are 
more ambitious than regions without them after 2030.
Divergent Net Zero The median temperature returns to below 1.5°C in 2100, after a limited temporary 
overshoot. Emissions reach net zero around 2050 but with higher costs due to divergent 
policies introduced across sectors leading to a quicker phase- out of oil use. Carbon 
prices for transport and buildings are assumed to be three times the carbon price in  
the supply and industry sectors.
Below 2°C Gradually increases the stringency of climate policies, giving a 67% chance of limiting 
global warming to below 2°C throughout the 21st century. The scenario assumes medium 
(as opposed to low) use of Carbon Dioxide Reduction (‘CDR’) technology.
Net Zero 2050 Limits global warming to 1.5°C (the median temperature returns to below 1.5°C in 2100, 
after a limited temporary overshoot) through stringent climate policies and innovation, 
reaching global net zero CO 2 emissions around 2050. Some jurisdictions such as the US, 
EU and Japan reach net zero for all GHGs. The scenario assumes medium (as opposed to 
low) use of CDR technology.
IPR Forecast Policy 
Response (FPS)
Offers a high conviction forecast of likely policy developments and is designed to reflect 
‘real world’ climate policies. The Paris ‘ratchet’ mechanism and increasing societal 
pressure converge between 2023 and 2025, and force governments to take meaningful 
climate action. Temperature rise is limited to 1.8°C by 2100. IPR scenarios fully integrate 
land-use modelling.
Required Policy 
Response (‘RPS’)
More stringent climate scenario than FPS and includes additional policies required to 
limit temperature rise to 1.5°C. RPS carbon prices are similar to FPS levels. Additional 
decarbonisation is driven by performance standards (bans) and direct subsidies. RPS 
entails deeper decarbonisation from emerging low-carbon technologies than FPS, 
including greater levels of carbon capture and storage.
Phoenix 
Group
Covid-bounce Bespoke scenario that allows for a change from the recent emissions trajectory following 
re-opening of world economy post-Covid and the response to the energy crisis.
2
27
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
 Plan the journey continued 
Scenario analysis and modelling continued
Our emissions pathway projection 
tool indicates that our projected 
financed emissions vary considerably 
across different economy-wide 
decarbonisation scenarios
The action required to hit our targets will vary 
widely in different climate scenarios
We modelled the potential effects on our financed 
emissions of the nine economy-wide 
decarbonisation scenarios described on the 
previous page. As shown in figure 15, these 
scenarios span a considerable range of 
expectations. At one end, our bespoke ‘Covid 
bounce’ scenario assumes a slight increase in 
emissions in the near term before reductions and 
the NGFS ‘Current Policies’ scenario assumes 
minimal incremental economy-wide progress 
on emissions reductions beyond current policies. 
Both scenarios see only modest reductions in our 
financed emissions to 2030, which would make 
meeting our targets difficult.
At the other end of the range, the NGFS ‘Net Zero 
2050’ and ‘Divergent Net Zero’ scenarios and the 
IPR’s ‘Required Policy Response’s scenarios all 
show ambitious and rapid economy-wide emissions 
reductions driven by a significant ratcheting of 
ambition. These scenarios translate into significant 
reductions in our financed emissions, which  
would aid us in achieving our targets.
The range of plausible potential economy-wide 
emissions reduction scenarios and their widely 
varying impacts on our financed emissions 
highlight the high levels of unavoidable  
uncertainty we are operating in. Our approach  
to implementing our Net Zero Transition Plan 
needs to reflect this uncertainty, and we will 
continue to use and refine our emissions pathway 
projection tool to inform future planning.
Our modelling is based on a wide range of 
assumptions and limitations, including assuming a 
static balance sheet that does not reflect strategic 
asset allocation throughout the period to 2050. 
Therefore, actual outcomes may vary considerably 
from those modelled to date.
In addition, our interim targets are intensity rather 
than absolute-based and therefore are impacted 
by variation in asset prices.
Figure 15: Financed emissions projections under different 
decarbonisation pathway scenarios prior to our management actions
The modelled scenarios demonstrate a wide range of uncertainty on future decarbonisation 
trajectories that will impact our achievement of our net zero goals. See table 3 on previous page  
for full description of each scenario.
20302020 2025
Financed Emissions % compared to 2019 baseline0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
2
 COVID bounce
 Delayed transition
 Forecast Policy Response 
(baseline)
 Current Policies
 Required Policy Response
 Below 2°C
 Net Zero 2050
 Divergent Net Zero
 Nationally Determined 
Contributions (‘NDCs’)
28
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Execute actions
Decarbonisation levers for driving change
Table 4: Example decarbonisation levers by asset class
Lever Description Asset classes
Listed equity and credit
£162bn
Sovereign bonds
£42bn
Real estate1
£9bn
Loans2 – (non-real estate)
£7bn
1. 
Portfolio 
decarbonisation
By reducing the carbon intensity 
of our investment portfolio, 
we can reduce our customers’ 
exposure to companies with 
significant climate risk and 
increase their exposure to 
companies that are investing 
in the net zero transition and 
aligning their business models 
with low-carbon growth. 
• Tilting assets under 
administration away from 
carbon-intensive companies, 
and towards lower-carbon 
alternatives through use of 
climate indices and other 
investment guideline changes
• Excluding  the most polluting 
assets from our portfolio
• Playing our part in 
helping sovereigns 
to reduce 
countrywide 
emissions as a firm, 
a procurer, an 
investor and a 
strong community 
advocate for 
decarbonisation
• Introduction of new 
screening criteria  
focused on assessing 
assets’ energy 
efficiency and tilting 
portfolio by focusing 
on investment in high- 
efficiency buildings
• Introduction of 
climate- related 
screening  in deal 
transactions to reduce 
overall carbon profile 
of illiquids portfolio
2. 
Effective 
stewardship 
of our assets
Our most carbon-intensive 
investee companies have 
elevated vulnerability to climate 
change risks. We believe that 
through effective stewardship, we 
can influence these companies 
through proactive engagement to 
drive positive change that 
reduces the carbon intensity of 
their activities and equips them to 
transition to a net-zero future
• Engaging  with investee 
companies to encourage 
adoption of emission 
reduction strategies and 
to hold them to account on 
their targets
• Policy engagement 
with government 
and other bodies to 
strengthen the 
investment case 
for low-carbon 
assets to drive 
decarbonisation of 
the whole economy 
• Actively engaging with 
policy makers and real 
estate industry 
associations  with the 
intention to create 
obligations for the 
disclosure of energy 
consumption data
• Engaging  tenants to 
adopt energy-efficient 
policies (e.g. LED/smart 
lighting) and to procure 
renewable energy
• Engaging  with investee 
companies and project 
sponsors to adopt 
ambitious climate- 
related targets  
and policies
3. 
Investing in 
climate 
solutions
We are committed to supporting 
the growing sectors of the future 
that will enable the transition to 
net zero. We believe these 
sectors are likely to offer 
attractive investment 
opportunities for our customers.
• Redirecting  assets to funds 
that include a clear ESG 
approach, like our Multi 
Asset Climate Solutions 
Mandate and venture  
captial funds
• Encourage the 
development of a 
green bond market
• Investing in sustainable, 
low carbon real estate 
holdings to improve 
insulation  standards 
• Investing in net 
zero-aligned 
infrastructure
• Structuring  of  
loans to embed  
net zero/climate 
friendly features
1 Real estate pertains to commercial real estate equity and loans and equity release mortgages.
2 Captures infrastructure debt (including local authority loans and municipal bonds) and private placements
We have three core levers at our 
disposal for decarbonising our 
financed emissions: portfolio 
decarbonisation; effective 
stewardship of our assets; and 
investing in climate solutions that are 
applied differently across asset classes. 
Example decarbonisation levers by asset class are 
described in Table 4. Aligning our actions with  
our customers’ financial interests is essential, and  
a cornerstone of our Net Zero Transition Plan. 
Therefore, any steps we take to decarbonise  
need to make sense for our customers from a 
financial perspective.
Our initial actions, described on pages 30–31, 
focus on our equity and credit portfolio, on the 
basis that it is the focus of our 2025 target, 
accounts for over 60% of our measured financed 
emissions and is the most straightforward asset 
class to address.  
 
We have also taken action on our illiquid loan 
portfolio through investment in net-zero-aligned 
infrastructure projects.
We are actively considering how to apply 
decabonisation levers to other assets in scope  
of our 2030 target. These are likely to be more 
challenging to address, especially sovereigns, 
where options are limited.
3
29
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Execute actions continued 
1. Portfolio decarbonisation
Our primary decarbonisation focus to 
date has been on c.£160bn1 listed 
equity and credit portfolio, which is 
the subject of our 2025 target. We 
have firm strategies in place to reduce 
emissions for almost £65 billion of 
these assets and we will be looking to 
introduce decarbonising strategies 
for the remaining parts over the 
course of 2024–25, thus managing  
the climate risk in line with our 
customers’ best interests.
Figure 16 sets out a directional timeline for how we 
plan to do this and the value of AUA each action 
addresses. We have made good early progress 
with the transfer of 1.5 million customers into the 
Sustainable Multi-Asset strategies in 2022, with the 
equity component (£12 billion AUA) subject to 
decarbonising strategy. We will build on this in 
2023 with the implementation of a net zero 
strategy for shareholder corporate credit, which 
will apply to a further c.£12.5 billion AUA. Then in 
2024–25 we aim to roll our customised 
decarbonising benchmarks across our listed equity 
and credit portfolio, starting with c.£40 billion UK 
and US equity portfolio. 
We describe each of these actions in more detail 
in figure 17 on the next page, as well as explaining 
the role of our exclusions policy. Then on page 32, 
we set out a directional roadmap for decarbonising 
our overall investments portfolio by asset class.
Ensuring our actions are in our customers’ 
financial interests 
Customised decarbonising benchmarks will 
reduce the carbon intensity of our investment 
portfolio, which we believe will make it more 
resilient over the long term. It is critical that any 
changes to benchmarks are well tested and 
managed so that we can continue to protect 
customers’ financial outcomes. We will only apply 
decarbonisation levers where it is in the best 
interest of customers.
Figure 16: Directional timeline for decarbonising our £160bn listed equity and credit portfolio and AUA1 
addressed by each action 
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
180
Sustainable 
Multi-Asset equity
2022
AUA addressed (£ billion)
Shareholder 
corporate credit
UK & US equities Equity Credit Total
12
12.5
40
38
57.5
160
2023 2024–25
1 AUA as at YE2021.
We have firm plans in place to decarbonise ~£65b assets Approaches will be subsequently rolled 
out to remaining equity and credit
3
30
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Execute actions continued 
1. Portfolio decarbonisation continued
Exclusions
In 2022 we further embedded our Group 
Exclusions Policy as part of integrating ESG 
considerations into the investment decision-
making process and continue to implement this 
across our shareholder and policyholder assets.
Our Group Exclusions Policy applies the following 
principles:
• Principle 1: Sectors or companies that face acute 
social or environmental challenges that are very 
likely to translate into financially material risks;
• Principle 2: Sectors or companies where we do 
not believe that engagement will be effective; 
• Principle 3: Sectors or companies that do not 
adhere to international standards of minimum 
acceptable behaviour as identified in relevant 
international treaties and United Nations 
initiatives; and
• Principle 4: Sectors or companies that do not 
align with Phoenix’s pledges and commitments, 
corporate values and present reputational risks. 
In the context of net zero, we have therefore  
set exclusion thresholds for companies where  
over 20% of their revenue is derived from the 
following sources:
• Thermal coal – both mining and utility energy 
generation; and
• Oil sand production
• Arctic drilling
We will continue to review our Exclusions Policy in 
line with our principles to ensure that we continue 
to protect our customers from climate change risk. 
Read more in our Group Exclusion Policy  
Figure 17: Overview of actions to decarbonise our listed equity and credit portfolio 
Sustainable Multi-Asset funds Shareholder corporate credit Customised decarbonising benchmarks
AUA £12bn c.£12.5bn c.£140bn
Timing Ongoing 2023 2024 and beyond
Description We know the vast majority of our customers, 
including those who have been auto-enrolled, 
find it difficult to understand and therefore get 
involved with their pensions. That is why so many 
keep their money in a default investment option. 
In 2021, Sustainable Multi Asset Universal Strategic 
Lifestyle Profile became the Standard Life default 
for new workplace customers. To make sure our 
existing customers could also benefit from this, 
in 2022 we moved c.1.5 million customers and 
c.£15 billion of assets from our existing default 
options to ones that reflect the same thinking 
and outcomes-based approach as our new 
default option. 
 
The Sustainable Multi Asset Universal Strategic 
Lifestyle Profile applies an ESG approach to all 
equity and listed real estate (‘REIT’) components. 
The equity exposure in the solution (£12 billion 
AUA) tracks sustainable indices that combine 
exclusions, tilts and stewardship activity. When 
compared to the parent index, the sustainable 
equity indices target:
– 50% reduction in carbon emissions 
– 50% increase in green technology revenues
– 10 – 20% enhancement in ESG scores
In addition to our activity on indexed portfolios, 
we are also taking active steps to decarbonise 
non-indexed portfolios across our investment 
portfolio as part of effective risk management. 
This portfolio is c.£12.5 billion AUA.
Our work to date has primarily focused on our 
shareholder corporate credit asset portfolio. In 
particular, we have developed a climate transition 
strategy for this portfolio, which aims to better 
identify the universe of net-zero-aligned assets 
available to us. Net-zero-aligned assets are based 
on Institutional Investors Group on Climate 
Change (‘IIGCC‘) criteria. We intend to invest 
40–50%, of the shareholder liquid asset portfolio 
in net zero-aligned assets by 2025, and 50–70%, 
of the portfolio by 2030. To ensure this remains 
on track, we will pursue portfolio tilts and/or 
trades as necessary to increase the proportion of 
assets that are net zero-aligned. Over time, we will 
look to extend our thinking on non-indexed 
portfolios to other relevant components of the 
investment portfolio where we can increase net 
zero alignment.
It is our responsibility to consider financially 
material risks and we believe reducing the carbon 
intensity of our investment portfolio makes it more 
resilient over the long term.
We are working with leading index providers to 
design customised equity benchmarks which 
decarbonise, and intend to apply these to all 
policyholder funds where we have control of the 
investment strategy. We plan to initially apply the 
titled benchmark to UK and US equity assets, 
accounting for c.£40 billion AUA 1. Over the 
course of 2024 and 2025 we plan for the 
benchmark to be applied to equities in other 
regions and our credit portfolios, to a further 
c.£100 billion AUA.
Aligning assets to climate-aware benchmarks 
in this way is consistent with our focus on risk 
management as it enables us to reduce exposure 
to climate risk – which presents a potential 
material financial risk to customers.
1 AUA as at YE2021. 
3
31
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Execute actions continued 
1. Portfolio decarbonisation continued
Table 5: Current view on initial decarbonisation focus for other asset classes covered by 2030 and 2050 targets
Loans (non-real estate) Sovereigns Real estate Cash Collective funds and EFLs
AUA1 £7bn £42bn £9bn £50bn £58bn
Relevant targets 2030, 2050 2030, 2050 2030, 2050 2030 2050
Timing 2024–2025 2025–2030 2025–2030 N/A 2030+
Initial focus 
(current view)
Integrate carbon  
profile considerations  
into deal flow
Engage with relevant 
government bodies
Factor climate-related risks 
into the underwriting of 
equity release mortgages 
and consider options  
to tilt portfolio to  
greener buildings and 
to engage tenants  
on energy efficiency
Cash included in 
target but assigned 
zero emissions value 
as per general industry 
approach
Deepen our engagement 
with managers of collective 
vehicles and build our 
understanding of options 
to decarbonise them
1 AUA as at YE2021 
Beyond 2025, our portfolio 
decarbonisation focus broadens  
to include other asset classes.
The scope of our 2030 target extends beyond 
listed equity and credit to also include sovereigns, 
real estate and loans portfolios. Then beyond 
2030, our overarching goal to be net zero by 2050 
also covers other collective vehicles and external 
fund links (‘EFLs’). 
These are more challenging asset classes to 
decarbonise and we have more work to do to 
develop firm plans. We also become much more 
dependent on action from others to decarbonise 
these asset classes, notably from government  
in relation to sovereign bonds. 
Table 5 summarises our current view on our initial 
decarbonisation focus by asset class and figure 18 
shows how the value of assets under administration 
addressed by portfolio decarbonisation measures 
increases over time.
While we do not plan to take specific actions 
to decarbonise our cash portfolio (which is 
considered to have zero carbon emissions in line 
with industry guidance), we include its value in 
figure 18 to be consistent with the approach taken 
in our Climate and Sustainability Reports.
It is important to note that all potential future 
actions, including those currently in development, 
are subject to detailed analysis and robust 
governance to ensure decisions are made in 
customers’ best interests.
Figure 18: Value of AUA addressed by portfolio decarbonisation measures over time
 Listed equity and credit
 Loans (non-real estate)
 Sovereigns
 Real estate
 Cash
 Collective funds and External Fund Links
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
350
2030+2025–20302024–202520232022
Assets under administration (£ billion)
£12bn
£30bn
£167bn
£250bn
£310bn
3
32
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Execute actions continued 
1. Portfolio decarbonisation continued
Delivering for our customers
We have put customers at the heart of our Net Zero 
Transition Plan and everything we do has their best 
interest at its core. By taking the right actions to 
decarbonise, we can help our customers grow 
their investments and protect them against risk.
It is our fiduciary duty to always make decisions in 
the best interest of our customers, and any steps 
we take to decarbonise need to make sense for 
our customers from a financial perspective.  
Our analysis shows that, in the long term, failing to 
decarbonise our portfolio exposes our customers 
to increased stranded asset risk and leads to less 
resilient investment portfolios. We also believe 
that companies whose business models align  
with a net zero transition are more likely to benefit 
from the growth opportunities presented by  
a low carbon future.
We are developing a robust governance process 
to ensure we manage and monitor climate risk as 
a financial risk to improve customer outcomes. 
This includes assessing customer impact of any 
new decarbonisation activity and periodically 
reviewing the effects of the existing activities,  
to ensure there are no unintended consequences 
emerging that could be at a detriment to our 
customers’ interests. Further detail is given in 
the Monitor and Refine section on page 41.
3
33
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary

Execute actions continued 
2. Effective stewardship of our assets
As a large asset owner, we recognise 
our stewardship responsibilities and 
adopt an ‘engagement first’ approach 
with the objective of using our 
position of influence to bring about 
corporate change. Stewardship is 
therefore central to our Net Zero 
Transition Plan and one of our most 
effective levers to drive real economy 
emissions reductions. 
This is why we have committed to becoming 
signatories to the UK Stewardship Code in 2023. 
We are also signatories to both the UN-convened 
Net Zero Asset Owners Alliance (‘NZAOA’) and the 
IIGCC and are utilising the protocols developed 
by these organisations to guide our engagement.
We have built a stewardship engagement 
framework that is tailored by sector and builds 
on the four TCFD pillars of governance and 
remuneration, strategy, risk management and 
metrics and targets (in addition to which we 
consider investee companies’ climate disclosures). 
Table 6 summarises our expectations of all investee 
companies to manage climate-related risks and 
opportunities and transition to net zero. 
Table 6: Expectations of investee companies for corporate management 
to manage climate-related risks and opportunities.
We expect companies to provide robust disclosure and evidence on climate change management 
and action across the following pillars linked to the TCFD framework. Full details can be found in our 
Expectations of Investee Companies, in summary:
Governance and 
remuneration
Board-level oversight and responsibility for climate related issues and executive 
remuneration linked to achieving climate transition-related KPIs
Strategy Commitment to a long-term net zero goal by 2050, with a clear scope, timeline and baseline
Details on measures that will be deployed to deliver GHG emissions reduction targets 
Definition of a coal phase-out plan where applicable for the sector
Evidence of climate scenario analysis to test the alignment of the company transition plan and 
relevant interim targets with net zero
Details on capital allocation and R&D spending in alignment with the transition plan
Risk 
management
Evidence of integration of transition and physical risks in the company risk management, 
framework.
Metrics and 
targets
Disclosure of verified Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions
Commitment to short-, mid- and long-term targets aligned with a 1.5°C trajectory covering 
the company value chain
Commitment to apply for SBTi verification or a credible independent verification of the 
company’s targets.
Disclosure Annual, externally audited disclosure in line with TCFD requirements
Development of a climate transition plan
Annual responses to CDP questionnaire
Split of engagement activity
We undertake direct engagement with  
25 priority investee companies, which account for 
40% of our financed emissions in material sectors, 
through our in-house stewardship team. In addition 
to which we undertake delegated engagement 
with a larger number of investee companies 
through our asset management partners.  
In 2022, our asset management partners 
have engaged on climate change issues with 
464 companies held in our investment strategies, 
representing 29% of financed emissions from 
high-emitting sectors in our listed equity and 
corporate fixed income portfolios (using the 
2019 baseline). Our 2022 direct and delegated 
engagements on climate change have therefore 
covered 69% of financed emissions bringing 
us into alignment with the AOA Target Setting 
Protocol and IIGCC Net Zero Stewardship 
frameworks we are using as reference.
3
34
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
In-house engagement with 25 high priority 
companies making up 40% emissions in 
material sectors
We have developed a climate change scorecard 
which we use to engage with the 25 highest priority 
companies and support their transition to net zero. 
The companies were prioritised on the basis of 
their current emissions, sector and action to date 
on climate change.
The 25 companies on our climate focused 
stewardship engagement list account for 40% 
of our financed emissions in material sectors in 
corporate fixed income and listed equity holdings 
(using our 2019 carbon footprint baseline as 
reference). High-emitting sectors are defined using 
the NZAOA classification. Nineteen companies in 
our list are also targeted by CA100+, the largest 
collaborative initiative to engage with high-
emitting companies on climate change. We have 
been asked to lead on four of these coalitions and 
are progressively joining another 15 as active 
participants.
In selecting our focus list, we have prioritised 
companies associated with high financed 
emissions performing poorly on forward-looking 
indicators such as temperature alignment scores, 
lack of accredited science-based targets, the 
CA100+ Net Zero Framework and assessments on 
carbon performance from the Transition Pathway 
Initiative (‘TPI’) . This analysis has allowed us to 
focus on the companies that would benefit the 
most from dialogue with investors as they have 
large carbon footprints and show areas for 
improvements on transitioning their business 
model in a changing world.
Execute actions continued 
2. Effective stewardship of our assets continued
 Multi-Utilities and Electric Utilities 7
 Integrated Oil & Gas 6
 Airlines 2
 Diversified Metals & Mining 2
 Steel 2
  Diversified chemicals and speciality chemicals 2
 Hotels, Resorts & Cruise Lines 1
 Construction Materials 1
 Fertilizers & Agricultural Chemicals 1
  Paper Products 1
 Europe 18
 North America 5
 Asia 2
Our climate focused stewardship engagement list selection framework for top 25 priority companies
Figure 20: Climate focus list approach 
We have defined our climate focus using a combination of historic analysis looking at emissions profile 
and forward-looking analysis that assesses where investee companies are on their journey. Our top 25 
priority companies are listed in the appendix.
The charts to the right illustrate the sector and regional coverage of the 25 companies targeted by 
direct and collaborative engagements conducted by our Stewardship team. Utilities and oil and gas 
are the most represented sectors, collectively accounting for 13 of the 25 companies – figure 21.  
Eighteen of the 25 companies are located in Europe – figure 22.
Historic  
Analysis
Forward-  
Looking  
Analysis
Scope 1 
Emissions per 
company 
(tCO2e)
Total AUMs
 per company
Scope 2
Emissions per 
company 
(tCO2e)
Climate  
focus list
Calculate % of total financed emissions across corporate 
fixed income and listed equity in alignment with 
requirements from the AOA Protocol and IIGCC Net Zero 
Stewardship Framework.
Transition Pathway Initiative Management  
Quality And Carbon Performance Indicators
Climate Action 100+ score from CA100+  
Net Zero Framework
Commercial service provider indicators: 
Temperature Score, Target quality, Net Zero 
alignment and Carbon Risk rating
Figure 21: Sector focus of 25  
priority companies
Figure 22: Regional focus of 25  
priority companies
3
35
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Execute actions continued 
2. Effective stewardship of our assets continued
Top 25 climate engagement scorecard
We have defined company-specific engagement 
objectives for each of the 25 companies on our 
focus list. They are based on our climate 
engagement scorecard analysis and form the basis 
of our three-year engagement strategy, which 
started in November 2022. 
The heat map – figure 23 summarises the key 
insights from our analysis. In particular:
• 84% of companies have set net zero targets, but 
60% of companies lack sufficient detail in their 
targets given either limited coverage of Scope 3 
emissions, weak short-to-mid-term ambitions or 
lack of goals for absolute emissions reduction.
• 48% of companies have conducted strong 
scenario analysis, yet 84% do not include climate 
scenario sensitivity analysis into their financial 
accounts.
• The lowest-scoring sectors are: Cement, 
Multi-utilities and Transport.
• Governance (42%) and Strategy (49%) are two 
pillars where the average score for companies 
was lowest, while highest scores were calculated 
for Metrics & Targets (61%) and Transparency 
(69%).
Figure 23: Climate engagement scorecard of top 25 companies against TCFD engagement framework
There is significant variation in rating of investee companies against our engagement framework. This analysis will inform our bespoke engagement strategy.
Scorecard framework category scores
Industry sector Phoenix Climate 
Score
Governance  
(out of 4)
Strategy (out of 6–9, 
sector dependent)
Risk Management & 
accounting (out of 2)
Metrics & Targets (out of 
5–7 sector dependent)
Transparency  
(out of 3)
1 Oil & Gas 84% 69% 71% 100% 79% 100%
2 Mining & Metals 73% 75% 78% 50% 67% 83%
3 Utilities 72% 63% 56% 100% 67% 100%
4 Oil & Gas 70% 63% 63% 50% 75% 100%
5 Oil & Gas 65% 56% 67% 75% 58% 83%
6 Oil & Gas 65% 44% 83% 75% 42% 100%
7 Utilities 65% 50% 50% 50% 83% 100%
8 Utilities 64% 25% 66% 50% 83% 83%
9 Steel 63% 63% 50% 50% 70% 83%
10 Oil & Gas 61% 56% 46% 50% 63% 83%
11 Utilities 60% 50% 69% 63% 42% 83%
12 Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries 59% 19% 50% 50% 90% 83%
13 Utilities 54% 69% 53% 50% 42% 67%
14 Mining & Metals 54% 56% 47% 50% 58% 67%
15 Transport 54% 19% 42% 63% 88% 50%
16 Chemicals 53% 63% 33% 50% 70% 50%
17 Chemicals 49% 25% 54% 50% 50% 67%
18 Transport 48% 38% 38% 50% 75% 50%
19 Chemicals 43% 31% 54% 25% 50% 33%
20 Multi-utilities 38% 50% 36% 50% 29% 33%
21 Oil & Gas 37% 19% 29% 50% 46% 50%
22 Cement 37% 13% 30% 50% 54% 50%
23 Utilities 34% 19% 19% 50% 50% 50%
24 Steel 32% 19% 33% 25% 40% 67%
25 Transport 24% 0% 4% 50% 50% 17%
 0–19%  20–39%  40–59%  60 –79%  80–100%
Methodology
The scoring framework awards one point for a complete, fulsome answer to a given indicator and zero points for no relevant information or an answer indicating poor performance. We also award points on 0.25 
increments, based on the level of disclosure companies provide and the quality of the response. The Risk Management & Accounting pillar has only two indicators, whereas the Strategy pillar can achieve up to 
nine indicators for some sectors. The qualitative nature of assessing Governance and Strategy indicators also lends them to undergo more scrutiny. We demand strong governance and robust strategies in place, 
and there are always areas where more disclosure is required. The more companies disclose, the more of their plans and processes we can assess. The highest scoring pillars of the framework are Transparency 
and Metrics & Targets. Transparency, with three indicators, is relatively easy to score high on, as the assessment is on the production of reports and not an assessment of the quality of reporting – such issues are 
often raised in other parts of the assessment framework. The Metrics & Targets pillar scores companies on a reasonably quantitative basis and most listed companies are accustomed to disclosing carbon 
emissions data.
3
36
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Execute actions continued 
2. Effective stewardship of our assets continued
Global Voting Principles
In 2022, we developed our first global voting 
principles that summarise our high-level beliefs and 
expectations of good corporate governance (for 
example, board composition and remuneration), 
environmental and social practices. The document 
also describes our approach to engagement, 
escalation and conflict of interest in addition to 
setting expectations of our asset management 
partners on voting. We are not involved in voting 
decisions directly. We monitor the voting practices 
of our asset managers using our voting principles 
as a framework of reference after the votes 
are cast.
In 2023, we will test the voting policy in a synthetic 
environment for the meetings of 100 focus 
companies in collaboration with a selected proxy 
voting advisor who will develop voting 
recommendations to us based on our policy and 
underlying voting instructions. Beyond 2023, we 
will consider in-sourcing all voting in passive and 
enhanced index strategies in segregated mandates 
while continuing to monitor our managers’ votes 
in active strategies and collective funds.
Read more in our Global Voting Principles  
Escalation
Progress towards tailored objectives for the 
three-year engagement strategy by our focused list 
of companies is regularly monitored through an 
internal tracking system. In case of insufficient 
progress against our objectives, we consider 
escalation strategies such as writing letters to the 
board, public statements, recommending voting 
against management and as a last resort, 
divestment. Where our engagement does not lead 
to change after more than three years of dialogue, 
we are intending to recommend the exclusion  
of assets that do not align with our climate and 
sustainability strategy. 
Case study: Asset manager  
abrdn’s engagement with Enel
During 2022 abrdn (our asset management 
partner) engaged with Enel (a multinational 
manufacturer and distributor of electricity 
and gas) directly and collectively as part of 
the CA100+ initiative. abrdn welcomed that 
Enel’s net zero target had been brought 
forward from 2050 to 2040, that the 
company planned to disclose emissions 
across all scopes and that targets had been 
submitted to SBTi. However, they had 
concerns the ESG weighting of the Long 
Term Incentive Plan (‘LTIP’) was to be 
reduced from 25% to 20%, and as a 
consequence the metric related to 
renewable energy was to be removed.
The key objective of abrdn’s collaborative 
engagement was to seek alignment of Enel’s 
disclosures to the Net Zero Benchmark, 
which was launched by CA100+ in March 
2021, and calls for robust and comparable 
information on how companies are realigning 
their business strategies and operations with 
the goals of the Paris Agreement.
In view of abrdn’s concerns regarding the 
removal of the renewables metric, they 
decided to vote against the LTIP at the 
AGM. They will review any changes made 
to the LTIP structure prior to voting at the 
2023 AGM.
Together with the two CA100+ co-leads, 
abrdn were pleased to acknowledge that in 
November 2022, Enel became the first and 
only company to fully align their corporate 
disclosures with the CA100+ Net Zero
Company Benchmark.
Note: Company selected for illustrative purposes only to 
demonstrate the investment management style described 
herein and not as an investment recommendation or 
indication of future performance. 
3
37
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Execute actions continued 
3. Investing in climate solutions
The third lever for decarbonising our 
investment portfolio is to actively 
invest in climate solutions. We are 
seeking to increase our investment in 
climate solutions required to deliver 
net zero, where regulatory and market 
conditions allow.
It is estimated that around £2.7 trillion of investment 
will be required over the next 15 years to meet 
the UK’s emission reduction goals, and that the 
insurance sector has the potential to fund up to 
a third of this investment, subject to market 
conditions, organisation credit/risk appetite and 
deal flow that meets asset eligibility criteria such 
as Solvency II matching adjustment criteria. 
Illiquid assets investments
We invested c. £2.3bn of  our shareholder portfolio 
in sustainable illiquid assets over 2021 and 2022. As 
a result, we have made good progress against our 
long-term ambition to deploy £10 billion in direct 
investments in sustainable and/or productive 
opportunities by year-end 2025, of which climate 
solutions is one of the elements. To date we have 
originated c.£0.7 billion in climate solutions. 
Looking ahead, we welcome the reforms to 
Solvency II regulations as an important component 
of the changes needed to the wider UK investment 
landscape to enable us to meet our ambition to 
invest more in the future. The UK lags behind other 
major developed nations in terms of its investment 
in alternative assets. Currently, only 9% of assets 
in UK pension funds are invested in this way 
compared to 23% in the other major pension 
markets. With the necessary conditions, such as 
the right regulatory framework and access to 
transformative investment projects that offer an 
attractive returns profile, Phoenix could invest up 
to £40 billion in sustainable and/or productive 
assets to support economic growth, levelling up 
and the climate change agenda. As ever, a key 
priority will be to deliver good outcomes for our 
customers and this will continue to inform our 
investment decision-making process.
Investment in climate solution funds
In 2022, we selected an asset management partner 
to support us in designing a multi-asset ‘climate 
solutions’ mandate, which we will deploy 
c.£338 million of policyholder assets into in 2023. 
The portfolio will allocate capital to enable the 
transition to a low-carbon world, through both 
reducing emissions (mitigation) and increasing 
climate change resilience (adaptation). The 
portfolio will have an overarching Sustainable 
Development Goal (‘SDG’) alignment which will 
be skewed towards companies that have a high 
positive SDG score on environmental SDGs 1. 
We will look to increase our allocation of 
policyholder assets to climate solution funds 
over the course of 2023 and beyond. 
Investments in venture capital funds
We have a dedicated venture capital fund with 
an initial allocation in excess of £100 million.  
This is the first allocation to venture capital in our 
policyholder funds, and the first allocation to 
patient capital in our unit linked funds. The fund 
will follow a thematic ESG approach within a 
number of sectors, including green energy, fintech 
and healthcare, to provide attractive risk-adjusted 
returns. The investments made through the venture 
Case study: 
Improving energy 
efficiency of social 
housing 
In June, we provided £90 million of 
long-term funding by means of a 
private placement to Alliance Homes, 
a regulated social housing provider. 
The transaction marks an increase in 
Phoenix’s UK social housing holdings 
to above £2.5 billion.
Phoenix was chosen as lead investor 
with funding provided through 
Macquarie Asset Management, a key 
asset management partner. 
The investment will support Alliance 
Homes in developing c.2,000 
affordable homes over the next ten 
years to help address the UK housing 
crisis. Alliance will use part of the funds 
to invest in improving the sustainability 
of its current housing stock by bringing 
all homes to an Energy Performance 
Certificate (‘EPC’) rating of C or 
better.
capital fund will help businesses to scale up 
and enable them to focus on growing out their 
workforce, whilst giving them access to the 
expertise that they require. We will look to 
increase our allocation of funds to venture capital 
as opportunities arise to scale the low-carbon 
technology companies of the future.
Sustainable asset framework 
To achieve a successful transition, finance 
will have to be targeted to key areas. Hence, 
we consider it particularly important to 
provide greater clarity on our definition of 
sustainable investments and/or transitional 
and productive finance assets. We have 
recently published our Sustainable Finance 
Classification Framework for Private Markets 
and will continue to review and evolve our 
framework as standards mature.
1  The SDGs are a collection of 17 non-legally binding interlinked global goals set forth by the UN for countries and governments. These are 
included only as indicative guidance for Phoenix Group’s ambition to align its strategy to the UN Sustainable Development Goal and Phoenix 
Group makes no representation, warranty, or assurance of any kind, express or implied, or takes no responsibility or liability as to whether 
Phoenix Group’s strategy furthers the objective or achieves the purpose of the indicated SDG.
Climate solutions
Climate solutions are investments in economic 
activities that contribute substantially to 
climate change mitigation or adaptation. 
These are solutions that reduce greenhouse 
gases by avoiding emissions and/or by 
sequestering carbon dioxide already in the 
atmosphere, or investments in climate change 
adaptation that contribute to enhancing 
adaptive capacity, strengthen resilience and 
reduce vulnerability to climate change
3
38
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Portfolio  
decarbonisation
Effective  
stewardship  
of our assets
Investing in  
climate solutions
 Getting started  Taking action   Achieving scale
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2025+Lever
Transferred  
£12bn to equity 
sustainable multi asset
Shareholder 
Corporate Credit 
Decarbonisation
Integrate net zero 
considerations into 
illiquid assets dealflow
Adopt use of climate 
indices across UK and  
US equity portfolios
Adopt use of climate indices  
across other equity portfolios  
and fixed income
Developed global 
voting principles
Developed 
engagement 
strategy
Shadow test and then 
pilot voting policy for 
100 companies
Baselined emissions for listed 
assets and developed strategy  
for decarbonisation
Baselined emissions for sovereigns,  
real estate and loans portfolios
Expand coverage and take voting in-house  
for selected strategies
Comprehensively integrate decarbonisation 
across all asset types 
Scale up investments in climate solutions as part of broader goal to invest up to 
£40bn in sustainable and/or productive assets dependent on favourable 
policy, regulatory and market landscape
Roll out direct engagement programme to top 25 targets, accounting for c.40% 
of financed emissions in material sectors in listed markets
Execute actions continued 
Our directional roadmap
We have developed an 
overarching directional 
roadmap for how we have 
already transitioned from 
getting started (e.g. 
developing strategies and 
policies) to taking action 
(e.g. launching our new 
workplace default), and 
are now starting to build 
on our initial actions 
to achieve real scale.  
It focuses primarily 
on near-term actions 
between now and 2025.
This roadmap is indicative only, 
with multiple elements subject 
to detailed analysis and formal 
approval. It is important to note that 
we will only apply decarbonisation 
levers where we believe it is in the 
best interest of customers.
Developed 
high level 
strategy 
Made initial investments of c.£0.7bn
3
39
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Monitor and refine 
Assessing the likelihood of meeting our targets
If the actions we have already 
committed to are implemented then 
we believe we will be on track to 
achieve our 2025 interim target. This 
assessment has been informed by our 
progress to date and supported by our 
forward-looking emissions pathway 
projection tool (described on page 28) 
which has been used to test a range of 
potential, plausible economy-wide 
decarbonisation and asset growth 
rate scenarios. 
How likely we are to achieve our 2030 target is 
currently less certain. We are also significantly 
more dependent on action by others, notably 
governments and high-emitting sectors, to meet 
our 2030 targets, and there is greater uncertainty 
in the pace of decarbonisation over this longer 
time period, which adds further layers of 
uncertainty to our modelling. 
Even in the near term, we face significant 
uncertainty around how quickly the wider 
economy will decarbonise, asset growth rates and 
the effectiveness of our actions in meeting our 
targets. Therefore, while our emissions pathway 
projection tool has been used to explore possible 
outcomes to give us a useful sense of where we 
stand, there are significant limitations in its use 
which may mean that actual outcomes vary greatly 
from those explored and meeting our targets is 
more or less difficult than expected.
Challenges and dependencies to decarbonising 
our investment portfolio
We need a step change in action, to transform 
economies to embed sustainability into every 
financial decision and combat the climate crisis. 
Decarbonising investment portfolios and financing 
to productive and sustainable assets including 
climate solutions at scale is going to require new 
approaches to investment, government policy 
and financial regulation. We set out these key 
challenges and interdependencies below:
• Government policy frameworks:  We need net 
zero-aligned government policy that provides 
the necessary signals and support to enable 
industry and investors to make large, long-term 
strategic commitments that will enable private 
sector investment into climate solutions flow at 
scale. We plan to increase investments in illiquid 
assets and sustainable investments, but only if 
there are the right regulatory and market 
conditions.
• Government regulation: Supportive financial 
sector regulation including reforms to Solvency 
II and Long-Term Asset Funds, and the review of 
performance fees and charge caps for defined 
contribution pension schemes may enable asset 
owners and pension providers to invest a greater 
proportion of policyholder assets in long-term 
illiquid assets such as green infrastructure.
• High transition risk sectors: A significant 
proportion of our financed emissions are 
concentrated in a small number of high transition 
risk sectors. We are therefore dependent on 
investee companies having credible transition 
plans, which are aligned to net zero transition 
pathways for their sector.
• Voluntary carbon markets: We are dependent 
upon the scaling up of voluntary carbon markets 
to enable a supply of credible carbon reduction 
offsets to be used by investee companies where 
they cannot reduce emissions to absolute zero.
• Asset classes/areas in which it is challenging to 
drive change: There are certain asset classes 
and areas in which we are invested that will be 
much more challenging to decarbonise. For 
example, sovereign debt investments make up a 
considerable portion of our AUA and are held 
for regulatory capital and liquidity purposes, and 
so we have limited flexibility to be able to divest 
at scale. In addition, it is difficult to meaningfully 
influence the decarbonisation trajectory 
associated with sovereign debt investments, 
without considerable commitment from the 
relevant governmental body raising the finance. 
We also do not have direct control over external 
fund links (‘EFLs’) and so are ultimately reliant on 
third party fund managers taking action to 
decarbonise. 
• Ability to influence as an equity vs. debt 
investor: In 2022, we expanded our carbon 
emission baseline to include real estate assets 
(including both debt and equity investments). 
Equity ownership gives us greater flexibility to 
shape the future decarbonisation trajectory at 
an individual property level (e.g. by way of 
advocating for the retrofitting of buildings to 
improve their EPC rating). There may be fewer 
opportunities to influence our debt investments, 
on the other hand, other than at initial investment 
and/or at refinancing opportunities. 
4
40
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
In 2023 we will review our progress 
against a net-zero glidepath, and 
establish a monitoring dashboard to 
track our decarbonisation progress 
going forward. This dashboard will 
evolve over time to show potential 
divergence at a counterparty, sectoral 
and asset class level, to inform where 
we may need to accelerate our 
decarbonisation efforts to remain 
on track.
We recognise that there is a key dependency on 
the real economy to decarbonise at a similar pace 
to our own decarbonisation activities. If the real 
economy decarbonises at a significantly different 
pace to our investment portfolio, we run the risk  
of giving our customers a different outcome to  
the one they expected as the assets may deviate 
from the parent index. As such, we have set in place  
a robust governance process to periodically review 
the effects of the activities we take, to ensure there 
are no unintended consequences emerging that 
could be to the detriment of our customers’ 
interests. If potential detriment were to be 
identified, we may need to take action to  
protect customer outcomes.
Over time, as we reach our interim decarbonisation 
milestones, we will set further interim targets on 
the pathway to net zero by 2050 to maintain 
momentum, as per Net Zero Asset Owner Alliance 
guidance. In addition, we will review our exclusions 
policy on an annual basis to ensure alignment with 
our net zero goals and emerging industry guidance.
Table 7: Phoenix Group approach to GFANZ financing strategies
GFANZ financing strategy GFANZ financing strategy
Climate solutions: Entities and activities 
that develop and scale climate solutions
We are seeking to increase our investment in climate solutions 
required to deliver net zero. With the necessary conditions, 
such as the right regulatory framework and access to 
transformative investment projects that offer an attractive 
returns profile, Phoenix could invest up to £40 billion in 
sustainable and/or productive assets to support economic 
growth, levelling up and the climate change agenda.
Aligned: Entities that are already 
aligned to a 1.5°C pathway
We are committed to increasing the proportion of our 
investments that are aligned or aligning to a 1.5°C pathway, for 
example through our customised decarbonising benchmarks 
and stewardship strategy. In 2021, 32% of our listed asset 
portfolio had approved SBTs in place (‘aligned’) and 16% had 
committed to SBTs (‘aligning’).
Aligning: Entities committed  
to transitioning in line with  
1.5°C-aligned pathways
Managed phase-out: The accelerated 
managed phase-out of high-emitting 
physical assets
Where our investee companies have business models and 
assets that are not consistent with a net zero future, we seek to 
influence them through our stewardship engagement to drive 
positive change. In addition, work is ongoing to refine our 
definition of sustainable investments and ensure it aligns with 
recognised taxonomies. This is likely to include a ‘transitional’ 
assets category.
 Monitor and refine continued
Enhancing an oversight process
4
Aligning our finance to net zero
Our approach to decarbonising our investments portfolio broadly aligns with GFANZ’s four key 
financing strategies to reduce real-economy emissions: climate solutions, aligned, aligning and 
managed phase-out. Table 7 below summarises our current approach and plans for each strategy.
41
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Engaging our customers 44
Driving wider system change 48
Engage
We have put customers at the heart of our Net Zero Transition 
Plan and everything we do has their best interests at its core. 
We know we cannot deliver net zero alone, so we’re going to  
be vocal in calling for action from others and using our scale 
to drive the wider system change needed to deliver net zero.
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
42
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan42
Engaging our customers Driving wider system change
Recent research tells us that our customers are concerned  
about climate change and expect us to invest their money 
in a responsible way – although their current awareness  
of responsible investing is relatively low:
80%
concerned about climate change 
44%
aware of responsible investing
90% 
expect us to invest in a 
responsible way  
 
We recognise the need to take our customers on a journey to 
build their knowledge and confidence in their product and 
investment solution. We believe that engaging our customers 
with the impact of their investments is important and forms a key 
component of our strategy to engage them in their financial 
futures more broadly. We have a three-phase customer 
engagement journey:
 
In 2023 we aim to reach 1.5 million customers to raise awareness 
about the impact of their investments, including through direct 
engagement, piloting an online engagement tool and 
supporting sector-wide campaigns.
We want to use our scale and voice to multiply impact and drive 
the wider system changes needed to deliver net zero. We will do 
this by delivering thought leadership, engaging decision-makers 
and collaborating with our peers.
We will focus our efforts on driving change in the  
following areas:
• Clarity and certainty on the government’s  
long-term vision for a net zero economy.
• Net zero-aligned government policy.
• Supportive financial sector regulation.
• Market transformation, such as new business  
models that unlock investment at scale.
• Integration of net zero with wider action  
to protect the natural environment.
Our goal is to deliver impactful thought leadership each year 
that we hope makes a meaningful contribution to unlocking 
barriers and helping us and others achieve our net zero targets. 
As part of this, we will look for opportunities to convene and 
collaborate with our peers and other relevant stakeholders.
With the priority of overcoming barriers that are currently 
holding back investment in climate solutions, we recently 
reviewed 25 technology areas where significant investment  
is needed to identify where we could have the greatest  
impact. This review has shaped the focus areas for our  
thought leadership activity.
We will maintain our active engagement in a wide range of 
industry bodies and forums to advocate for change and help to 
shape emerging thinking on financing of the net zero transition.
We will work with government, who are central to setting the 
right policy frameworks that enable the transition to net zero at 
the requisite pace that the scale of the challenge demands. 
 
Engage and driving 
change – at a glance
Engaging with our customers and using our 
scale to drive wider system change is a core 
element of our Net Zero Transition Plan. 
We have put our c.12 million customers at the 
centre of our plan, and understanding their 
evolving priorities and communicating with 
them effectively is crucial to its successful 
delivery. As the UK’s largest long-term saving 
and retirement business, we want to use 
our scale and voice to multiply impact  
and drive the wider system changes  
needed to deliver net zero. 
21
1. Inform – customers with information of products and investments 
they hold to increase understanding
2. Empower – customers with basic investment knowledge to 
understand how we act to support them to and through retirement
3. Inspire  – customers to consider the impact of their  
investments and feel confident that their investments are  
aligned with their beliefs
Our engagement approach has two key focus areas:
1    Engaging our customers
2    Driving wider system change
 
Pages 44 to 52 describe our approach in more detail 
43
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
We have put our c.12 million 
customers at the centre of our 
Net Zero Transition Plan to ensure 
that the actions we take are fully 
aligned with their financial 
interests and we continue to 
protect customer outcomes. 
We believe that by decarbonising our investment 
portfolio at a steady pace, we will reduce our 
customers’ exposure to climate-related risks and 
help them benefit from the growing sectors of the 
future. Understanding our customers’ evolving 
priorities and expectations on climate change and 
communicating our plans with them effectively is 
crucial to the successful delivery of our Net Zero 
Transition Plan. Building customer interest in 
reducing climate impacts and our decarbonisation 
journey also provides us with an opportunity to 
engage them more broadly with their product  
and saving needs to and through retirement.
Our c.12 million customers span four brands 
(Phoenix Life, Standard Life, SunLife and ReAssure) 
and we offer a broad range of long-term savings 
and retirement products to support them across 
their entire savings life cycle, as illustrated on 
the right. 
We engage with our customers through a variety of 
channels and are continually adapting our service 
and products to help more customers on their 
journey to and through retirement. We offer a 
range of investment funds and are exploring the 
development of innovative customer solutions that 
integrate Environmental, Social and Governance 
(‘ESG’) considerations into the investment 
decision-making process so that our customers  
can invest in line with their values.
Engaging our customers
Our customer base
Our in-force business has  
c.12m customers, with scale  
businesses across the  
long-term savings and  
retirement markets
Heritage
Pensions  
and savings
Retirement 
solutions
Europe  
and SunLife
We are the market leader in 
the safe and efficient 
management of legacy 
pensions and savings 
policies to deliver better 
customer outcomes, and in 
realising significant cost and 
capital synergies through 
Heritage backbook M&A.
We help customers journey  
to and through retirement. 
Our Workplace business 
supports people who save 
through their workplace 
pension, and our Retail 
business supports individual 
customers to save for, 
transition to, and earn 
income in retirement.
We participate across the  
key retirement markets, as  
we seek to help customers 
secure income certainty in 
retirement, including 
Defined Benefit pensions 
(including Bulk Purchase 
Annuities), individual 
annuities, and home 
equity release. 
Standard Life International, 
which operates in Ireland  
and Germany, offers a range 
of pensions and savings 
products, including 
international bonds. SunLife 
offers protection solutions 
and funeral plans direct to 
the over-50s market in 
the UK.
c.5.5m c.3m c.1.5m c.2m
customers customers customers customers
c.£140bn
growth 
businesses
£259bn
AUA
c.£25bn
c.£119bn
c.£82bn
c.£33bn
1
44
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Key insights from customer research
Recent customer research tells us that 
our customers are concerned about 
climate change and expect us to invest 
their money in a responsible way – 
although their current awareness of 
responsible investing is relatively low.
Our customers trust us to reflect their priorities in 
how we invest. They want us to keep their money 
safe and provide them with long-term financial 
returns, and managing exposure to climate risk  
is very much part of our approach. 
In 2022 and 2023, we conducted research with 
our customers to explore their understanding  
and attitudes towards responsible investing, net 
zero and environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) factors. 
Research was conducted with 900 customers 
across our Standard Life, Phoenix Life and 
Reassure brands and is being used to inform our 
Group-wide approach to communicate our 
changing investment strategy and support 
customers throughout the journey to and 
through retirement.
In summary, the research showed us that our 
customers are concerned about specific 
environmental considerations, with 80% 
concerned about climate change and 88% 
concerned about nature destruction. 90% of 
customers expect us to invest their money 
responsibly on their behalf. The current awareness 
of responsible investing is generally low but  
the majority of customers who took part are 
interested in finding out more.
Responsible investing resonates with our 
customers. Whilst the top priority for customers is 
to make returns, the majority (55%) see responsible 
investing as being at least as important as returns. 
The research clearly highlights the importance 
of engaging with our customers on our net zero 
transition, and we will continue to seek their 
views to ensure that we provide solutions and 
communications that support them as we deliver 
our Net Zero Transition Plan. 
Engaging our customers continued 
What our customers have told us
See responsible investing as being  
at least as important as returns
Our customers are concerned about the impact of climate change and nature on the world
Current awareness of responsible investing is low, although many customers want to know more
Our customers expect us to invest in a responsible way and to let  
them know what we’re doing, as well as what we have achieved
Concerned about climate change Concerned about nature
Aware of responsible investing
Expect us to tell them about the responsible 
investing options related to their product
Expect us to invest in a responsible way
90%
44%
80%
85%
55%
88%
1
45
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
We are passionate about engaging 
customers on the impact of their 
savings, and taking action to address 
their changing needs and expectations. 
In 2023, we aim to reach 1.5 million 
customers to raise awareness about 
the impact of their investments.
Our c.12 million customers hold a variety of 
products and are at different stages of their 
long-term savings journey. Our recent customer 
research highlighted that they have varying levels 
of understanding and interest in responsible 
investing. This means we need to provide a range 
of material to help raise awareness and knowledge 
that reflects their differing needs, interests and 
life stages. 
With this in mind, we are evolving existing content 
and developing a suite of information to help our 
customers discover more about our approach to 
responsible investing and to engage customers on 
our journey to net zero.
Taking our customers on a journey  
to build knowledge 
Our customer research tells us that many of our 
customers have relatively low levels of 
understanding about their pensions in general – 
something we are passionate about addressing. 
We recognise the need to take our customers on a 
journey to build their knowledge and confidence 
in their product and investment solution, as 
illustrated above. We believe that engaging our 
customers with the impact of their investments is 
important and forms a key component of our 
strategy to engage them in their financial futures.
In 2023 we aim to reach 1.5 million customers with 
content to raise awareness about the impact of 
their investments. As our investment strategy 
continues to evolve, we will develop our 
customer engagement strategy to ensure we 
deliver content that engages with customers as 
effectively as possible and that they truly value, 
providing them with the information needed  
to make informed decisions. 
Some examples of how we engage with customers 
through tailored solutions, and communicate with 
them at the moment to bring to life our propositions, 
both directly and indirectly through industry-wide 
campaigns and the wider financial services 
ecosystem, are described on the next page.
With heightened focus on preventing 
greenwashing in financial services, we welcome 
the development of new regulation to protect 
our customers and develop trust. We believe that 
we have a duty as a provider to create relevant 
materials to help customers understand the impact 
of their investments in line with the new regulations 
and best practice approaches, and ensure that 
they have access to the knowledge to feel 
confident in ensuring their investments align 
with their values. 
Engaging our customers continued 
How we engage customers as we decarbonise
Customer engagement journey
 
1. Inform
The first step of our customer 
engagement journey is to inform 
our customers so they can 
understand more about their 
products and investments.
 
2. Empower
The next step is to empower our 
customers with the investment 
knowledge to make informed 
decisions, allowing them 
to understand how we as a 
provider act to support them 
to and through retirement.
 
3. Inspire
Finally, we seek to inspire our 
customers to consider the impact 
of their investments and feel 
confident that their investments 
are aligned with their beliefs. 
We will bring to life our default 
solutions, so that customers 
can better understand the 
impact of their investment.
1
46
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
We use customer insight to shape the 
propositions we create and the way in 
which we engage customers about 
their investments. This includes 
investment design to integrate ESG 
factors and utilising new tools to 
engage our customers.
Investment design
In 2021, Sustainable Multi Asset Universal Strategic 
Lifestyle Profile became the Standard Life default 
for new workplace customers. To make sure our 
existing customers could also benefit from this,  
in2022 we moved c.1.5 million customers and 
c.£15 billion of assets from our existing default 
options to ones that reflect the same thinking and 
outcomes-based approach as our new default 
option. Further details of the Sustainable Multi 
Asset and an overview of our plans to build on the 
Sustainable Multi Asset by applying customised 
decarbonising benchmarks to other parts of our 
investment portfolio can be found on page 31.
Evolving our factsheets
In 2022, we also evolved our factsheets for the 
funds within Sustainable Multi Asset Universal 
Strategic Lifestyle Profile, providing:
• ESG metrics aligned to sustainable 
investment targets
• Stewardship information on companies 
engaged, engagement meetings, themes and 
percentage of eligible proxy votes placed
• Behavioural economic overlays
• Action-orientated headers
• Visual icons and cues
Providing ESG fund optionality 
In response to our customers increasingly looking 
to invest in ways that align to their own values, we 
have widened the range of sustainable self-select 
options we offer to Standard Life contract 
members to 32 funds, and to 9 for our master 
trust members. 
Utilising technology
In 2022, we launched an engagement tool pilot to 
customers in two of our pension schemes. ‘Voice 
Your Investment View’ is an online platform that 
provides customers with transparency over the 
companies they are invested in via their pension, 
with the opportunity to express their opinions to 
fund managers on upcoming shareholder votes, 
allowing them to consider customer wishes when 
casting their vote. We have partnered with 
impact-focused fintech Tumelo to provide  
this initial six-month pilot. 
Engaging our customers continued 
Turning insight into action
Amplifying our impact across  
the investment ecosystem
We are committed to driving industry change  
to embed climate risk and opportunity 
management for customers within the wider 
ecosystem that we serve. Going forward we  
plan to scale up our climate change-focused 
engagement with independent financial advisors 
and workplace clients, advisers and trustees  
to raise their awareness of the role investments  
can play in tackling climate change.
We will review the findings and explore options  
to enhance the experience and consider how  
we extend this offering to more customers.
Innovative solutions
We are committed to delivering innovative 
solutions to our customers to allow them to engage 
with their investments. In 2023, our Innovation 
Forum will invite fintechs to showcase solutions  
to help pension customers engage more fully with 
responsible investing, including Environmental, 
Social and Governance factors. In collaboration 
with Tata Consultancy Service’s Co-Innovation 
Network (‘TCS COIN™’) innovation system, 
Fintech Scotland, Women In Banking & Finance 
(‘WIBF’) and Scottish Financial Enterprise (‘SFE’), 
the Standard Life Innovation Forum will invite 
fintech enterprises and entrepreneurs to explore 
partnership opportunities by introducing 
innovative thinking and new ways of working, 
ultimately delivering a better understanding  
of responsible investing among UK savers.
Make My Money Matter
We are supportive of campaigns that increase 
customer engagement with their pensions. We 
passionately believe that everyone should have  
a pension they can be proud of. That’s why we  
have partnered with Make My Money Matter and 
have pledged to support their campaign to build  
a better future and engage people in the real 
world impact of their pension.
1
47
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Delivering net zero requires a 
fundamental transition for the whole 
economy. No single business, sector, 
government or stakeholder group can 
affect the necessary transformation 
alone. Every business needs to act;  
and every business is dependent on 
action from others. This is particularly 
the case for investors like Phoenix 
Group with portfolios spanning  
the whole economy. 
As the UK’s largest long-term saving and retirement 
business, we want to use our scale and voice  
to multiply impact and drive the wider system 
changes needed to deliver net zero – partly 
because it’s the right thing to do and partly 
because without wider system changes we are 
unlikely to achieve our net zero targets. We do  
this by delivering thought leadership, engaging 
decision-makers and collaborating with our peers, 
as summarised in table 8.
We are focused on working with Government  
and stakeholders to drive change and secure 
greater regulatory and policy certainty in the 
following areas:
A greater level of detail and specificity from  
the government on how they will deliver their 
long-term vision for a net zero economy and its 
strategy to enable the transition, including 
strategies and roadmaps to address key challenges 
such as decarbonising industry and heating.
Driving wider system change
Our approach to driving change
Delivering 
thought 
leadership
Delivering impactful 
thought leadership to 
develop potential 
solutions to policy, 
regulatory and market 
barriers currently 
hindering the net  
zero transition
See page 49 
Engaging 
decision- 
makers
Engaging directly 
with regional, national 
and international 
policy makers, 
regulators and local 
government to inform 
the debate on the net 
zero transition in the 
real economy
See page 50 
 
Collaborating 
with  
peers
Collaborating with 
our peers directly  
and through cross-
sectoral bodies to 
develop new business 
models and end-to-
end solutions 
required to unlock 
transformation  
at scale
See page 51 
A clear, sector-specific regulatory and 
investment framework which provides the 
necessary ambition and support to enable 
industry and investors to make large, 
long-term strategic commitments that  
will enable private sector investment into 
climate solutions to flow at scale.
Supportive financial sector regulation 
across a long-term time horizon and with  
a focus on outcomes. This includes reforms  
to Solvency II and the creation of new  
vehicles which will enable asset owners  
and pension providers to invest a greater 
proportion of capital in long-term illiquid 
assets such as green infrastructure, and  
in innovative green tech companies. 
Market transformation  such as working with 
companies, tech developers and regional 
government to develop new investable 
business models and partnerships that 
unlock investment at scale.
Integration of net zero with other issues  
to ensure that the net zero transition is 
aligned with wider action to protect the 
natural environment – for example through 
action to make the UK a leader on voluntary 
carbon markets and ensure rigour in use  
of carbon credits and offsets.
Table 8: Our approach to driving system-wide change
2
48
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Driving wider system change continued 
Delivering thought leadership
Where policy, regulatory and market 
barriers are currently preventing us 
and others from achieving our net 
zero targets, we want to play a 
meaningful role in overcoming them 
through delivering a targeted 
programme of thought leadership. 
We will identify the issues and opportunities where 
we think we can make the biggest difference, 
based on a range of considerations including 
where we perceive there to be the greatest need 
for thought leadership and where we feel we  
have a natural role in the debate.
This will build on recent thought leadership 
published in 2022 on topics including:
• Why decarbonising our investment portfolio 
makes business and planetary sense
• Universal ownership and the role of stewardship 
for net zero – and why divestment alone is  
a blunt instrument when it comes to fossil  
fuel assets
• Galvanizing investment in green growth
Our thought leadership priority is overcoming 
barriers that are currently holding back investment 
in climate solutions. Analysis by the ABI suggests 
that £2.7 trillion needs to be invested in climate 
solutions by 2035 and a further £3.0 trillion 
between 2035 and 2050. A breakdown of 
investment requirements by sector is shown 
in figure 24, of which around £0.9 trillion 
(£60 billion per year) of the investment required 
to 2035 could come from ABI members. 
However, current deployment rates are 
significantly lower, due to a range of policy, 
regulatory and market barriers.
We have reviewed 25 technology areas where 
significant investment is needed, to prioritise 
potential thought leadership focus areas and 
identify key barriers currently holding back 
investment. This review has identified residential 
heat pumps as being highly cost-competitive 
(by 2030 versus high carbon alternatives), 
technologically mature and with a large 
addressable investment pool.
The market barriers currently holding back 
investment vary by technology, but broadly 
speaking encompass high up-front capital costs, 
low technology maturity and insufficient long-term 
policy signals, which hinder businesses and 
investors’ ability to make large, long-term  
strategic commitments.
The review has helped us to shape our thought 
leadership programme and identify initial focus 
areas for 2023. Our goal is to deliver impactful 
thought leadership each year that makes a 
meaningful contribution to unlocking barriers and 
helping us and others achieve our net zero targets. 
As part of this, we will look for opportunities to 
convene and collaborate with our peers and other 
relevant stakeholders such as governement, who 
could introduce supportive policy frameworks.
Figure 24: ABI analysis on total gross investment required by sector  
to meet the UK’s net zero targets
2036–20502021–2035
0.4
0.3
1.1
0.8
2.7
0.6
0.3
1.3
0.5
0.1
3.0
 Electricity supply
 M&C
 Transport
 Removals
 Building
 Fuel supply
 Aviation & Shipping
 Agriculture & Land
 Waste & F-gases
2
49
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Driving wider system change continued 
Engaging decision-makers
We are committed to working 
constructively with government to 
help shape and deliver its Net Zero 
Strategy and make the UK the first 
net zero-aligned financial centre.
As the UK’s largest long-term savings and 
retirement business, with assets spanning the entire 
economy, we cannot achieve net zero in a vacuum 
and are particularly dependent on supportive 
government policy. 
We and our peers have called on government to 
set out a clear delivery plan for the transition of the 
real economy and financial services, with credible 
sectoral roadmaps underpinned by the near-term 
policies, actions and milestones needed to shift 
financial flows towards net zero.
We undertake wide-ranging engagement at both 
official and ministerial level, spanning multiple 
departments including the Treasury, the 
Department for Energy Security and Net Zero 
(‘DESNZ’) and the Department for Environment, 
Food and Rural Affairs (‘DEFRA’), as well as the 
devolved administrations, opposition parties and 
local and combined authorities. 
Much of our recent and planned government 
engagement focuses on addressing regulatory 
and policy barriers to investment. On regulatory 
challenges, we are working on Solvency II reform, 
as well as assessing new changes to the charge cap 
and illiquid disclosures on default workplace 
pensions, with a view to increasing allocation to 
sustainable investments, which we believe presents 
an opportunity for good customer returns. 
Work on Solvency II reform continues with both 
HMT and the PRA towards implementation in 
2023. It is our desire to see more flexibility 
introduced into the regulations to help meet our 
net zero ambitions. These proposed regulatory 
reforms are an important component of the 
changes needed to the wider UK investment 
landscape, and will enable us to meet our ambition 
to invest more into sustainable assets in the future.
We are also working with the Office for Investment 
on funding structures for institutional investors, 
which can facilitate investment into alternative  
and sustainable assets, as well as making 
representations on what local and combined 
authorities can do to bring forward investable 
opportunities to the market. 
While our engagement focus is primarily on  
UK decision-makers, we do also engage with 
international decision-makers and have played 
active roles at recent COPs. At COP26, we were  
a strategic partner of the Green Horizon Summit, 
which brought together over 200 senior speakers 
from across the globe to discuss how we can 
mobilise private capital towards a climate-resilient, 
nature-positive economy. At COP27, we sponsored 
the World Climate Summit at the 2022 United 
Nations Climate Change Conference and  
helped to push the conversation forward on  
how institutional investors could best support  
the transition to net zero.
“We know that we cannot 
deliver net zero alone and 
are committed to engaging 
constructively with 
government and regulators 
to help drive the wider 
system change needed 
to unlock exciting 
opportunities to significantly 
scale up investment in the 
net zero transition.”
 
James Wilde, Chief Sustainability Officer
2
50
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Driving wider system change continued 
Collaborating with peers
We actively collaborate with our peers 
directly and through cross-sectoral 
bodies to develop the new business 
models and end-to-end solutions 
required to unlock transformation 
at scale. 
Decarbonising investment portfolios and financing 
climate solutions at scale is going to require 
innovative approaches to investment, government 
policy and financial regulation. And if we are to 
deliver real-world impact, we need the whole 
sector to act at a scale and pace commensurate 
with the challenge. 
We work closely with our trade associations and 
are actively engaged in shaping policy positions. 
We participate in a range of important industry 
groups, and chair the ABI’s leading climate 
committee, which has been spearheading the 
pensions and insurance sector’s approach to net 
zero. Working collaboratively across industry 
ensures the sector is better able to speak with one 
voice as it presents policy proposals to government 
and develops new best-practice market approaches 
as summarised in table 9. 
 Table 9: We participate in a wide range of sectoral initiatives both in the UK  
and internationally, including: 
United Kingdom International
Association of British Insurers (ABI): We are members of the 
ABI and our CEO, Andy Briggs, is chair of the ABI Board 
sub-group on Climate Change. We led the Solvency II industry 
consultation on widening the current Matching Adjustment 
asset eligibility to enable investment in net zero infrastructure.
Institutional Investor Group on Climate Change (IIGCC): 
We are members of the Net Zero Stewardship Working Group, 
the Asset Owner Alignment Working Group and the Bondholder 
Stewardship Working Group. The aims of these working groups 
is to integrate climate change considerations in stewardship 
activities by institutional investors across asset classes and in the 
relationship between asset owners and asset managers.
UK Government Transition Plan Taskforce (TPT):  We have 
contributed to the TPT to shape the overarching framework 
currently open for consultation and prepare the sector 
guidance in the utilities and financial services sectors. We were 
members in three workstreams: Framework and Disclosure, 
Sector Templates and Users and Preparers.
Climate Action 100+ (CA100+): We are collaborating with other 
asset owners to create best practice stewardship approaches  
to hold companies to account, and conducting coordinated 
engagement to increase the power of our influence. CA100+ 
is one of the routes to undertake dialogue with company 
representatives on climate change.
UK Sustainable Investment and Finance Association (UKSIF): 
Through this association, we are connected, influence policy, 
share knowledge and new opportunities with other members 
in the sustainable finance industry.
The Net-Zero Asset Owners Alliance (NZAOA): We have 
contributed to the NZAOA working group looking at the strategy 
for net zero implementation, the engagement track to set position 
papers on effective stewardship and hold collaborative dialogue 
with asset managers, and the policy dialogue working group to 
contribute to shape regulation internationally to facilitate the 
decarbonisation of the economy. Through this membership we 
are supportive of the Race to Zero campaign.
Sustainable Market Initiative (SMI): Our CEO, Andy Briggs, is in 
the Insurance Taskforce. As a member, we are suppportive in 
driving progress and accelerating the pace of industry transition 
towards a more resilient and sustainable future.
The Transition Pathway Initiative (TPI): We are Board members 
of the TPI and proactively shape the methodology and framework 
used to assess corporate preparedness to transition to a low 
carbon economy.
2
51
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Engaging  
our customers
 
Driving wider 
system change
Our directional roadmap
 Getting started  Taking action   Achieving scale
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025+Lever
The priority focuses for 
the next three years are 
to evolve our customer 
content, and scale up our 
engagement to inform, 
empower and inspire 
our customers. We will 
also launch our thought 
leadership programme 
to help overcome 
barriers to net  
zero investment.
A key focus of our engagement 
strategy in 2023 will be to reach 
1.5 million customers on the 
impact of their investments. 
We will maintain and grow our 
active participation across the 
industry and with policymakers 
in particular as we evolve our 
thought leadership programme. 
Customer research into their understanding of and views on climate change 
and responsible investing
Ongoing customer research
Evolve and promote existing content 
to reflect our investment strategy 
journey and ensure consistency 
across our consumer brands, 
engaging 1.5 million customers
Create customer content across our consumer brands Increase customer  
engagement across all  
our consumer brands  
and channels
Join industry 
groups and form 
positions on 
key issues
Active participation in key industry groups and 
engagement with key decision makers to shape 
emerging thinking and frameworks. Delivered 
thought leadership on net zero.
Launch thought leadership programme focused on overcoming  
key barriers where we can make a real difference
Continue active engagement with industry groups and key decision-makers
Deliver our Innovation Forum  
in conjunction with industry 
partners to develop tools to  
engage our customers 
52
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Decarbonising our own operations 55
Decarbonising our supply chain 60
Lead
Our customers, colleagues and stakeholders rightly expect 
us to lead by example, which means taking ambitious steps 
to decarbonise our own operations and supply chain. 
We have made great progress already, which gives us a 
strong platform to do more ourselves and to scale up our 
engagement with suppliers.
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
53
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
 
Size up exposure Plan the journey
 
Lead at a glance
Phoenix Group is committed to 
embedding best practice across our 
business operations and supply chain. 
We recognise that to lead in this area  
we must set ambitious targets. We will 
implement strategic measures to 
decarbonise our own operations and 
empower our suppliers to share our 
climate aspirations and set ambitious 
emission reduction targets.
Operations
• We set an early net zero target for Scope 1 , 2 and Scope 3 
business travel by 2025
• We set a science-based long-term target of limiting 
temperature rise to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels  
for Scope 1 and 2 carbon reduction overall
Supply chain
• We set an interim goal of halving emissions by 2030
• We have been forecasting the required decarbonisation 
pathway for suppliers based on current indicative estimated 
emissions data to inform our strategy to achieve net zero 
by 2050
• To maintain progress we have set interim targets for  
our key suppliers to be aligned to our net zero targets 
Operations
• Developed an extensive carbon reduction programme  
to manage our carbon emissions that follows the best  
practice principles of: eliminate, then reduce, then  
replace and compensate for what is left
• Key activities include capital expenditure to reduce emissions, 
meeting the 2025 reduction target in 2022, a renewable 
energy sourcing strategy, setting an internal carbon price, 
rolling out a green travel policy and investing in one of  
the largest PV glass roofs in Europe at our Wythall office
Supply chain
• Integrated net zero-related risk factors into our Third Party 
Management Model and set our decarbonisation strategy 
to enable sustainable procurement and reduce demand
• Key supplier engagement for top 100 suppliers who  
account for 95% of our emissions
Operations
• We have reduced our carbon intensity per FTE by 80% 
overall and absolute emissions by 59% from our 2019  
baseline exceeding our 2025 target.
• We will continue our decarbonisation efforts and will  
begin the offset of our residual emissions in 2025 whilst  
still keeping to the absolute reduction trajectory set out  
in our science-based targets 
Supply chain
• We will continue to build monitoring of our suppliers’ progress 
of integrating net zero into business processes. We have set 
interim milestones for business and suppliers on path to 2030 
interim target. To date, 82% ^ of suppliers having set a 
science-based target or Race to Zero commitment
Execute actions
Operations
c.9k 
tonnes
Set baseline for Scope 1 and 2 
and identified Scope 3 business 
travel as a material aspect of our 
operations in 2019. 
Supply chain
c.0.2m 
tonnes
Set estimated indicative 
baseline for Scope 3 purchased 
goods and services and Scope 3 
capital goods in 2019.
Monitor and refine
Read more on page 55 for operations 
Read more on page 60 for supply chain 
Read more on pages 57 – 58 for operations 
Read more on pages 62 – 63 for supply chain 
Read more on page 56 for operations 
Read more on page 61 for supply chain 
Read more on page 59 for operations 
Read more on page 64 for supply chain 
2
4
1
3
Our approach to decarbonising our own operations  
and supply chain follows a four-step process:
1    Size up exposure
2    Plan the journey
3    Execute actions
4    Monitor and refine
 
Pages 55 to 65 describe each step in more detail 
54
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Figure 26: Intensity metric for Scope 1 and 2 emissions per FTE  
(market based) – accounting for renewable energy purchasing  
as a carbon reduction method^
Figure 25: Operational emissions 2019–2022 (tCO2e market-based)
We have made significant progress in reducing our absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions,  
whilst Scope 3 business travel is challenging to reduce.   
Our operational emissions for Scope 1, 
2 and Scope 3 from business travel 
were measured at 8,665 tCO2e in  
our 2019 baseline year.
Our operational emissions arise from several 
sources, the most material of which are: natural gas 
and fugitive emissions (Scope 1), grid electricity 
(Scope 2), and ground and air travel for business 
(Scope 3 category 6) as shown in figure 25.  
We also measure transmission and distribution 
losses and, from 2020 onwards, have been 
measuring employee working from home 
emissions, commuting and emissions from the 
properties we occupy under lease agreements.  
We measure these as total group-wide carbon 
emissions using the appropriate greenhouse gas 
protocol processes each year. Looking further 
ahead, we plan to expand the range of Scope 3 
operational emissions we measure further as new 
data and methodologies become available to us. 
We monitor our overall operational carbon 
performance both by assessing our emission 
reduction in absolute terms as well as using 
intensity metrics to normalise for merger and 
acquisition (M&A) activity. Our chosen intensity 
metric tracks market-based (reflecting emissions 
from electricity that we have procured) Scope 1 
and 2 emissions per full-time employee (‘FTE’)  
as shown in figure 26. We also use a per floor  
area metric to assess the energy efficiency of  
our occupied spaces, which uses location-based 
(reflecting the average emissions intensity of grids 
on which energy consumption occurs) emissions as 
it allows us to capture electricity saving measures. 
0.380.38 0.34
2019 2020 2021 20220.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
1.7
1.23
0.98
0.79
 Actual 
 Target
0
1,000
2,000
3,000
4,000
5,000
6,000
Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3 – Business Travel
4,203
4,913 4,812
2,684^
2019 2020 2021 2022 2019 2020 2021 2022 2019 2020 2021 2022
3,702
3,266
21 7^
760
1,040
356
1,149^
1 Size up exposure
Operations
We have significantly 
outperformed our 
target, achieving our 
2025 target in 2022.
55
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Table 10: Operational decarbonisation strategy 
1. First eliminate 2. Then reduce
• Influence business decisions to prevent 
GHG emissions across the business 
• Identify premises rationalisation 
opportunities 
• Identify new business models available
• Real and relative (per FTE)  
carbon reduction 
• Efficiency in operation and  
energy management 
• Optimise approaches in  
technology and digital upgrades
3. Substitute where possible
• Lower-carbon technologies
• Reduce carbon intensity of energy used 
• Purchase energy and services with 
lower-carbon intensity 
4. Compensate for what is left
• Compensate unavoidable  
residual emissions through  
carbon removal projects 
• Investigate land management value chain
We set an ambitious target in 2020,  
to be net zero in our own operations 
by 2025, measured in absolute market-
based emission terms.
The target covers Scope 1 and 2 emissions and 
Scope 3 emissions from our car, rail and air 
business travel, which were the most material  
at the time and represented 68% of our total 
Group-wide emissions reported that year. This  
was at a period where there was very limited detail 
on the definition of ‘material emissions’; these were 
set out more clearly in SBTi guidance that emerged 
in 2021 and beyond. 
In particular, our 2025 net zero target involves 
following the 1.5°C pathway closely whilst using 
carbon removal credits to compensate for the 
remaining emissions, including business travel, 
from 2025 onwards. Thus, we would continue to 
reduce emissions in absolute terms in line with 
science-based targets whilst still fully neutralising 
our residual emissions every year thereafter. 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions are a mandatory inclusion 
in our SBTi commitment and form the entirety of 
the operational emissions included in our target 
submission. Whilst our initial targets and our SBTi 
commitment were set in 2020 we used 2019 as  
a baseline for emissions to allow for the highly 
atypical nature of 2020. This meant that some 
information was not as granular as it has become 
in later years. 
To meet these science-based targets we need to 
follow a reduction trajectory of about 6.3% per 
year or 70% by 2030. We have used market-based 
emissions for our targets to recognise the 
contribution renewable energy makes to our 
Net Zero Transition Plan and to global carbon 
reduction priorities. 
For additional and remaining Scope 3 categories 
(e.g. upstream leased assets, etc) that we measure 
and report against, we are currently targeting  
net zero by 2050 with an interim target of 50% 
reduction by 2030 from the applicable baseline.
We are progressing well with our carbon reduction 
strategy that focuses on energy-efficient 
operations, business travel, renewable energy  
and carbon offsets and is based on the following 
principles as detailed in table 10.
2 Plan the journey
Operations
56
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
3 Execute actions
Operations
Setting a carbon price to support capital 
expenditure decisions
We have set an internal carbon price (‘ICP’) of 
$100 USD / £90 GBP to inform our operational 
capital expenditure decisions. The price is in line 
with recommendations made by the United 
Nations Global Compact (‘UNGC’) which suggests 
that a price of USD $100 is needed to incentivise 
sustainable options, unlock investment and shift 
market signals. We intend to continue using the  
ICP to influence the Group’s purchasing decisions, 
for example:
• The procurement and consumption of  
gas (i.e. Scope 1 emissions).
• The procurement and consumption of  
electricity (i.e. Scope 2 emissions).
• The procurement of goods and services (i.e., 
Scope 3 categories 1 and 2) – the ICP would  
be used as a tool when choosing capital goods 
and between models of capital goods based  
on their efficiencies. 
• Business travel (i.e., Scope 3 category 6) – ICPs 
would be used as a way to encourage more 
sustainable decisions and better use practices.
• New spaces to lease (i.e., Scope 3 category 8).
Other categories and processes within the 
business (such as waste generated within the 
business or home working) are less likely to  
be influenced by using an ICP. 
Evolving our travel policy
We saw business travel emissions significantly 
increase in 2022, up 220% on 2021, reflecting 
an increase in colleague numbers as well as a 
decrease in travel restrictions across the world.  
1. First eliminate
We have aligned our capital expenditure 
programme to our net zero target and re-
prioritised spend based on the potential carbon 
impact of the projects we consider, and we use  
our internal carbon price to incentivise the options 
that provide the most carbon reduction. 
We continually review the use of our buildings and 
take evolving ways of working into account. In some 
instances we are able to consolidate our buildings  
as an effective way of eliminating emissions.
2. Then reduce
We see building improvement works as a key action 
needed to reduce carbon emissions and improve 
energy efficiency. We have identified several 
projects that will help reduce energy consumption 
as we advance our strategy. Some of the ongoing 
projects include:
• LED lighting roll-out 
• Building and ventilation control  
systems upgrades
• Sub-metering installations
•  Boiler upgrades, including gas to electric  
system replacements 
• Chiller replacements
This fast-growing emissions source represents a 
significant challenge, which is why we launched 
our Group Green Travel Policy in 2022. All 
employees are required to evaluate the necessity 
of business travel and prioritise sustainable travel 
options where practical. We are working towards a 
minimum of 50% of business travel to be by train/
public transport. 
We have invested heavily in technological solutions 
to allow remote collaborations such as video 
conferencing equipment and software as a way to 
eliminate the need for travel altogether. We will 
continue to investigate ways to incentivise the use 
of lower-carbon travel options for business trips. 
Additionally, we offer colleagues a range of 
benefits to reduce the impact of commuting travel. 
This includes Cycle to Work scheme in the UK and 
Bike to Work Scheme in the Republic of Ireland. 
These schemes offer bicycle leasing across a 
12-month period with tax/national insurance (NI) 
exemption benefits. The limit has been increased 
to £3,600 in the UK so that more e-bikes are  
now covered through the scheme. We have also 
partnered with Octopus Energy to offer UK 
colleagues a salary sacrifice to lease an electric 
vehicle (‘EV’), including tax/NI exemption benefits. 
We also continue to incentivise the use of public 
transport through Season Ticket Loans that offer 
an interest-free amount payable via salary sacrifice 
each month.
We will continue to invest in technology such as car 
sharing apps and infrastructure facilities such as 
improving security of bike sheds and improving 
changing rooms to enable employees to support 
this policy. 
We completed the installation of one of 
the largest building integrated Photo-
Voltaic (PV) glass installations in Europe 
at our Wythall Office. 
The atria roof glazing was replaced with 
roof lights that incorporate innovative 
solar photovoltaic cells within the glass. 
Improved thermal performance also 
prevents too much heat build-up in the 
summer and retains heat in the building 
during the winter. 
The roof is expected to contribute to our 
net zero ambition through the generation 
of 52,300 kWh green electricity each 
year. This will reduce our emissions  
by 27 tCO2e.
Case study: 
Wythall PV roof
57
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
3
3. Substitute where possible:  
Renewable energy strategy
We generate or procure 100% renewable 
electricity across all our occupied premises. 
Our approach to renewable energy is governed 
by a hierarchy, designed to maximise the benefits 
of the renewable energy we purchase and use. 
In the first instance, we determine opportunities for 
generating energy directly from our operational 
sites by assessing all renewable and low-carbon 
technologies available (e.g. microgeneration and 
passive renewable systems). Where we cannot 
generate our own energy or where the energy 
we generate is insufficient for the entire building, 
we procure renewable energy. 
Power purchase agreements (‘PPA’) are our 
preferred option, because they provide a reliable 
way of decarbonising our electricity consumption 
and also enable investment in new renewable 
energy generation capacity. These are followed 
by high-quality renewable contracts backed by 
Renewable Energy Guarantees Origin (‘REGO’) 
certificates, with standard green tariffs being the 
least preferable options.
At present we procure approximately 24.1GWh 
(100%) of our building electricity from high-quality 
renewable sources, which is why our Scope 2 
emissions are significantly lower than the location-
based emissions. Whilst this is our second 
preferred option of procurement, we are actively 
investigating options for PPAs as part of our future 
energy procurement strategies. 
4. Compensate for what is left:  
Use of carbon credits 
For residual operational emissions, we aim to 
purchase ‘high quality’ carbon credits generated 
from carbon removal projects. High quality relates 
to additionality, permanence and verifiability – 
defined by Oxford Principles and others as carbon 
credits earned from projects that sequester carbon 
from the atmosphere either through nature-based 
solutions (‘NbS’), natural climate solutions (‘NCS’), 
or technology-based solutions.
The carbon removal credits that we will purchase 
and that are generated from NbS/NCS projects 
can also deliver important environmental and 
social co-benefits in addition to carbon 
sequestration. We will adopt the Core Carbon 
Principles (‘CCP’) as developed by the Integrity 
Council for the Voluntary Carbon Market 
(‘ICVCM’), to assess and ensure the quality of 
our carbon removal credits. We will apply the 
Verified Carbon Standards (‘VCS’) and Climate, 
Community and Biodiversity Standards (‘CCB’) 
as a minimum to verify the quality of the carbon 
removal credits we purchase, and we regularly 
review this approach against emerging 
best practice.
To date we have not directly bought any carbon 
removal credits to offset our emissions and intend 
to reduce our carbon emissions by as much as 
possible from our 2019 baseline before we begin 
to purchase and retire any credits. At present we 
have reduced our carbon intensity per FTE by 
80% overall and absolute emissions by 59% from 
our 2019 baselines. As such, we are in a position to 
start considering carbon removal credits as the 
next step in our net zero journey. 
As part of our natural gas procurement contract, 
our supplier has purchased approximately 1,994 
Gold Standard carbon credit offsets on our behalf. 
These have been reported separately and we do 
not count them towards our net zero targets.
Carbon credit definitions:
Additionality –  offsets represent an emission 
reduction or carbon removal relative to a 
counterfactual baseline that would not have 
taken place but for the offsetting activity 
Permanence – refers to how long a 
greenhouse gas stays out of the atmosphere, 
whether stored in a physical reservoir  
or whose emission was deferred  
through avoidance 
Verifiable – ensures that the emission 
reduction or carbon removal actually takes 
place, and that all forms of double-counting, 
including double-claiming of the emission 
reduction benefit, are avoided 
Nature-based solutions –  Activities that aim 
to protect, manage, enhance, and restore 
nature to address challenges and include 
re/afforestation, soil carbon sequestration 
and biochar 
Natural climate solutions – conservation, 
restoration and improved land management 
actions that increase carbon storage or avoid 
greenhouse gas emissions in landscapes and 
wetlands across the globe 
Technology-based solutions – provide 
permanent removal and artificial carbon 
sequestration of CO 2. Examples include 
carbon capture, utilisation, and storage 
(‘CCUS’), direct air capture (‘DAC’) and 
bioenergy with carbon capture and storage 
(‘BECCS’). 
Execute actions continued 
Operations 
58
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
4
The monitoring of our carbon 
reduction is embedded in our 
annual reporting of our emissions 
performance. We will continue to 
undertake our programme of carbon 
reduction to minimise absolute 
emissions and therefore the level  
of carbon removal credits required  
to reach net zero.
Our operational decarbonisation strategy is focused 
on reducing emissions as much as possible by 
focusing on the best practice principles of 
elimination first followed by reduction activities and 
replacements before compensating for what is left.
Our decarbonisation strategy is underpinned by 
our Environmental Management System, which we 
updated in 2021 to align with ISO 14001. We also 
began the formal ISO accreditation process in 2022. 
Our strategic efforts so far mean that we have met 
and exceeded our 2025 target Scope 1 and 2 SBTi 
trajectory targets (4,897 tCO2) early as shown in 
figure 27. This allows us to take stock of our successes 
and focus on monitoring and refining our approach 
to decarbonisation across other Scope categories 
with priority given to business travel emissions which 
have increased in recent years as our business has 
grown and travel restrictions have lifted. 
Following the release of the SBTi guidance and 
standards for financial institutions to align 
investment targets in a consistent manner, we made 
the decision to consider all investment property 
portfolios managed by our asset management 
partners as indirect emissions to be included in 
Scope 3 category 15. We also adopted the 
‘operational approach for consolidation’ as 
referenced in the PCAF Global Carbon 
Accounting and Reporting Standard for the 
Financial Industry. This standard refines and 
extends the GHG Protocol’s accounting rules  
for Scope 3, category 15 (investments). 
This action has also contributed to the reduction of 
the Scope 1 and 2 emissions in 2022. Prior to 2022, a 
portion of assets within the investment property 
portfolios were accounted for as direct (Scope 1 and 
2). The approach for those assets was historically 
that of financial control. Concurrently, reporting of 
properties managed by other asset management 
partners was reported under operational control. 
As of 2022 and to provide consistency, any direct 
investment assets, including those that historically 
adopted a financial control approach, will now 
be reviewed through a number of appropriate 
operational control screening questions and will 
be reported accordingly. 
We will update on our progress in our annual 
Climate Report with emissions data published via 
our Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting  
in our Annual Report and Accounts.
Read our Annual Report  
We intend to use our intensity metrics as well as 
increased data granularity and scope to identify 
focus areas to reduce our carbon emissions across 
our operations, including aspects such as use of 
consumables and waste generation and circular 
economy practices.
Further next steps on our journey  
to net zero operations
A specific focus in 2023 and beyond is the 
upgrading of our occupied premises estate with 
the latest heating and energy management 
systems in line with the replacement cycle to 
reduce energy usage. We intend to join the 
Climate Group 100’s EP100 in 2023 given our 
commitment to increasing our energy productivity.
We are also committed to encourage behavioural 
change amongst our colleagues through the 
embedding of our Group Green Travel Policy to 
encourage utilisation of technology to reduce the 
need to travel, and adoption of public transport on 
the key routes between our major Edinburgh, 
Wythall and London offices. 
These activities will reduce the need for carbon 
removal credits required in 2025. We plan to 
review potential suppliers over the course of 2023 
and 2024 ahead of purchasing ‘high quality’ 
carbon credits generated from carbon removal 
projects in 2025 to achieve our net zero goal. 
Figure 27: Absolute Carbon Reduction Targets – Scope 1 & 2
0
1,000
2,000
3,000
4,000
5,000
6,000
7,000
8,000
9,000
203020292028202720262025202420232022202120202019
7,905 8,178
2,692
2,391
tCO 2
Year
2025 
target 
4,897 tCO2
 Annual carbon performance (market-based)  
 SBTi target (market-based)
Monitor and refine
Operations 
59
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
100%Cumulative emissions (%)
Supplier count
0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 100 110 120 130 150140 160 180 190 20090
1
In 2022 we set an indicative 2019 
baseline for our supply chain of circa 
0.2 million tCO2e. This covers Scope 3 
emissions from purchased goods and 
services (‘PG&S’) and capital goods 
from around 1,500 partners and 
suppliers. The majority of our spend 
is with suppliers of fully managed 
outsourced services, IT, professional 
services and goods and services 
related to management of our premises. 
Our indicative supply chain emission footprint data 
is modelled based on current visibility of our supply 
chain and spend data. This baseline provides 
context around our current scope of supply chain 
emissions and has not yet been assured.
Our baseline was calculated using a combination 
of top-down and bottom-up analysis. We used 
environmentally extended input-output (EEIO) 
analysis, where an industry average emissions 
factor is applied per pound of spend. This was 
supplemented with CDP data from suppliers 
where available. 
Improving data quality
We continue to encourage our key suppliers to 
submit their carbon emissions data via the CDP 
suppliers’ survey, with 84% of our surveyed 
suppliers submitting data in 2022. This data 
enables us to refine our baseline further, identify 
emissions hotspots and identify priority areas  
for bespoke supplier engagement. 
We are currently undergoing an extensive exercise 
to enhance our supply chain spend data quality, 
categorisation and taxonomy, which will help us to 
calculate supply chain emissions more accurately. 
In line with operations and investments, we have 
used 2019 as a baseline for emissions to allow for 
the highly atypical nature of 2020; however, we 
plan to re-baseline our 2019 footprint to capture 
these data improvements and potentially more 
accurately account for mergers and acquisitions 
that have taken place since 2019. We expect  
to publish updated and assured supply chain 
emission footprint data in the next 18-36 months, 
alongside comparative trends and annual progress 
on emissions reduction.
Within our 2019 baseline of c. 0.2M tCO 2e our 
top 100 suppliers account for the vast majority 
of emissions, notably in purchased goods and 
services category. This is particularly concentrated 
in our top 10 who account for c.65% (figure 28).
Figure 28: 2019 estimated PG&S emissions assessment based  
on data from the top 755 PG&S suppliers 
This graph depicts indicative supply chain emission footprint data modelled on current visibility of our supply chain and  
spend to provide context around our current scope of supply chain emissions, which has not yet been assured. Phoenix Group 
is currently undergoing an extensive exercise to enhance supply chain spend data quality and categorisation and align this 
more closely with Phoenix Group’s taxonomy within our procurement and finance tools, in order to calculate supply chain 
emissions more accurately.
100 suppliers are considered to be 
materially significant at this stage of 
the carbon reduction journey. Based on 
2022 available data, we estimate that:
  Top 10 Suppliers = 
c.65% of PG&S emissions
  Top 20 Suppliers =  
c.75% of PG&S emissions
  Top 50 Suppliers = 
c.85c.% of PG&S emissions
  Top 100 Suppliers = c.95%  
of PG&S emissions
Size up exposure
Supply chain
60
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
2 Plan the journey
Supply chain
Our ambition is to achieve a net zero 
supply chain by 2050, with an interim 
target of halving supply chain 
emissions intensity by 2030. Our goal 
is to reduce underlying supply chain 
emissions intensity by c. 80% by 2050, 
and to ensure that our suppliers offset 
any residual emissions, in line with 
our Group offsetting approach.
With a significant spend we can use our 
relationships with key partners to influence 
behaviour change and encourage more ambitious 
action around net zero. 
While our supply chain data is indicative, it 
nevertheless provides a sound basis for identifying 
our most material emitters, therefore prioritised 
engagement with these will continue to form the 
basis of our decarbonisation strategy and 
approach. Current modelling is also based on the 
assumption that there is no change to the growth 
and impact of emissions, therefore we are 
exploring whether it is feasible to integrate M&A 
factors into our decarbonisation modelling from 
2024/5 onwards and to more effectively integrate 
net zero considerations into our M&A strategy.
Our top 100 material suppliers (c.80% of our 
supply chain spend) collectively account for  
c.95% of these emissions. From 2023–7 we are 
looking to engage these top 100 emitters via  
a bespoke programme to support them on their 
decarbonisation journey and help to align our 
mutual ambitions. Beginning in 2023, our top  
10 suppliers who represent c.65% of our 
purchased goods and services emissions footprint 
will be a priority for this bespoke engagement.  
We have also set a number of targets for key 
suppliers on the pathway to our interim 2030 
target as shown in figure 29.
We have also developed our ESG Supply Chain 
Standards to codify our expectations of partners 
around net zero, including a dedicated set  
of environmental standards for SMEs. In the 
following section we detail how we will achieve  
this through our bespoke engagement  
programme for material suppliers.
1  Key suppliers include: strategic (those that we work closely with 
due to the strategic nature of the services they provide), critical 
(suppliers where the goods or services provided is limited in the 
market and barriers to change are complex) and operational with 
spend ≥£1m (suppliers which are numerous but where value to 
Phoenix is significant).
Figure 29: Summary of supply chain targets
Supply chain targets Target year
75% of key suppliers signed up to either SBTi or committed to UN’s Race to Zero initiative 2022
90% of key suppliers signed up to either SBTi or committed to UN’s Race to Zero initiative 2023
25% of highest emitting suppliers with SBTi-based target in line  
with net zero roadmap
2025
90% of suppliers (by spend) to be fully aligned with Phoenix Group’s net zero targets 2027
Reduce supply chain carbon intensity by 50% (from indicative estimated 2019 baseline) 2030
Net zero supply chain  (from indicative estimated 2019 baseline) 2050
61
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
3 Execute actions
Supply chain
We have identified three key focus 
areas to deliver our supply chain 
decarbonisation: key supplier 
engagement, including bespoke 
engagement with our top 100 
suppliers; building net zero into our 
supplier management processes; and 
upskilling our relevant colleagues.
Key supplier engagement
Throughout the course of 2022, we have been 
engaging key suppliers to ensure that they are 
aligned with Phoenix Group’s net zero ambition. 
Our approach involves regular engagements 
tailored by supplier to support them with their 
net zero transition. This has allowed us to provide 
perspectives on the commercial and wider 
benefits that positive environmental action can 
have, such as reduced energy cost through energy 
efficiency investment and onsite renewable energy 
generation. We have also directed our suppliers 
to best-practice tools and frameworks to support 
them in developing their own net zero ambitions.
To date, this bespoke approach to engagement 
has enabled us to make material progress  
on our priority focus areas for suppliers,  
including setting robust external climate  
targets, influencing behaviour and actions and  
embedding robust governance.
Robust external climate targets
We encourage our suppliers to set a science-based 
target and we support key suppliers with executive 
engagement and stakeholder management to help 
them deliver on ambitious commitments which 
align with our decarbonisation pathway.
Influencing behaviour and action
Educating our suppliers and influencing them 
to take action on decarbonisation has been an 
important area of focus. In addition to encouraging 
suppliers to set robust targets, we encourage them 
to commit to procuring wholly renewable energy 
and sign up to our CDP supplier survey.
Providing action plan templates and sessions 
to help determine where a key supplier is on 
their journey allows us to support them with 
determining their strategy and prioritising  
actions to deliver impact.
Embedding robust governance
We encourage and advise suppliers on how to set 
a robust sustainability governance process and 
ensure sufficient and appropriate representation 
to oversee the development, implementation and 
review of their net zero strategy, plan and targets. 
We expect our supplier to work alongside a 
qualified climate, sustainability, or environmental 
consultant to develop their net zero strategy.
Bespoke engagement with  
top 100 material suppliers
In 2023 – 2027 we are looking to evolve our 
supply chain decarbonisation programme to 
develop a more targeted approach based on 
short- and medium-term emissions reductions, 
starting with our top 100 material suppliers who 
account for c.95% of our supply chain emissions. 
Initially, we will look to prioritise maintaining 
material supplier engagement, supporting and 
encouraging our top 100 material suppliers 
to regularly ramp up their decarbonisation 
ambitions. We will work closely alongside 
our top 10 material suppliers and the most 
mature suppliers to support them to 
decarbonise at a faster rate from 2024 onwards. 
This engagement strategy will function as 
a dedicated data-driven decarbonisation 
workstream that sits alongside our current  
net zero asks of key suppliers.
Our proposed carbon reduction levers  
for the top 100 material suppliers include: 
• Developing category-led decarbonisation 
strategies, prioritising those categories which 
represent the highest share of our current 
footprint – IT, outsourced business processes, 
including policy fulfilment and adminstration 
and professional services
• Collaborating around category-led 
mitigation and reduction strategies  
within their own business
• Aligning on sustainable strategic sourcing 
approaches and supplier provisions to assess 
risks and opportunities to identify priority 
materials or critical commodities
• Supporting with identification of energy 
efficiency and emission reduction 
opportunities – focusing on impactful and 
cost-effective projects and report reductions
• Understanding renewable energy options 
across our supply chain and supporting 
suppliers to overcome lingering barriers
• Integrating net zero ESG clauses to help  
ratify our commitment and drive positive 
behaviour change among our supplier  
base in terms of net zero.
We understand that this is a significant 
challenge, and we are committed to working 
with our suppliers in a supportive way to achieve 
our collective ambitions together. We will also 
measure the progress from our top 100 material 
suppliers against clear targets that support the 
delivery of our net zero targets.
62
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Building net zero considerations into  
our supplier management processes
Sustainable strategic sourcing
As we continue to build out visibility of our supply 
chain, we want to start proactively tackling those 
areas which present the most material risk. With  
this in mind, we are in the process of developing  
a series of category-led sustainable sourcing 
strategies and principles in high-risk and high-value 
categories to tackle the emissions hot spots in  
our supply chain which directly correlate with  
our most carbon-intensive spend. 
Integrating carbon pricing into our sustainable 
sourcing strategy and purchasing decisions 
In line with the planned introduction of an internal 
carbon price (‘ICP’) across our operational capital 
expenditure decisions, we are looking to shift 
consumption away from emissions-intensive 
purchased goods and services towards more 
sustainable alternatives via the introduction of 
carbon pricing into our sustainable sourcing 
strategy and purchasing decisions. We are looking 
to identify which parts of our supply chain to 
target, covering those purchased products and 
materials that could contribute most to achieving 
our defined objectives. We will then look to 
determine how an ICP should influence decisions 
within our procurement processes and supply 
chain management so that it has a material impact. 
Based on our procurement scenario planning and 
findings, we will seek to set optimal carbon prices 
depending on category impact, the nature of the 
product or service and sourcing location. 
Make net zero business as usual for procurement
We know that sourcing and procurement is the 
primary way that we can positively impact our 
supply chain emissions. To complement our ESG 
Supply Chain Standards, we are hoping to 
integrate quantitative strategic net zero criteria in 
supplier selections and sourcing decisions. In the 
longer term, we will translate our net zero ESG 
ambition into robust management objectives,  
key performance indicators and new operational 
approaches to the core business, starting with  
the third-party management risk policy.
Strategic third-party engagement model
As a business we have a number of strategic 
supplier relationships which are key to our success 
both commercially and in terms of ESG. With this  
in mind, we have refreshed our partnership 
engagement model (‘PEM’) to ensure that it 
supports effective lasting partner relationships 
which drive positive, value-adding outcomes for 
Phoenix Group’s customers, shareholders and 
stakeholders. The PEM will act as a single joint 
governance to drive excellent customer service 
and to support relevant change programmes, 
including our decarbonisation supply chain strategy.
Upskilling relevant colleagues
Our procurement and supplier management 
colleagues are central to delivering our robust 
bespoke supplier engagement. As such, we have 
rolled out initial internal training to these colleagues 
on climate and related nature and biodiversity issues, 
and are now developing a suite of further training. 
We will also engage more widely with relationship 
managers and employees across the Group to 
amplify our net zero impact in terms of supplier 
engagement, and support more responsible and 
emissions-friendly procurement decisions.
A key partner to Phoenix, Milliman provides 
integral cloud-based solutions which support 
our actuarial activities and solutions.
An important element of our relationship over 
the last year has been to collaborate closely  
to align on Phoenix’s climate change strategy, 
first outlined in our open letter to key suppliers 
in December 2021. Through regular 
engagement, we assisted Milliman on its 
carbon reduction journey by providing our 
perspectives on the commercial and wider 
benefits that positive environmental action 
would have on their business. In addition,  
we shared supplementary information on the 
importance of net zero in the fight against 
climate change and practical tools to help 
Milliman as they were developing their own 
ambitious net zero targets. This included 
guiding Milliman towards the SBTi framework 
and explaining how it could support Milliman 
define its own net zero targets in line with 
climate science.
A critical part of our engagement with 
Milliman was to have our executive team 
communicate with Milliman’s leadership team 
to assist them in their strategic conversations. 
We helped them secure a more ambitious 
long-term commitment than the original 
proposal, with a motion of net zero by 2040 
with SBTi.
“Our historical and close collaboration with 
Phoenix has proved hugely beneficial both in 
terms of identifying mutual opportunities for 
improvement in terms of social impact and 
sustainability, and ensuring that we were able 
to secure ambitious commitments to 
meaningful climate action with our senior 
leadership team. Certainly, working with 
Phoenix was helpful in getting our Net Zero 
2040 plan over the finish line, and we look 
forward to our continued engagement in 
2023 and beyond as we work together to 
tackle issues and concerns that affect our 
supply chain and businesses relationships.” 
Christal Morris  
Chief Sustainability and DEI Officer  
at Milliman
Case study: Delivering on ambitious targets 
with our suppliers to achieve net zero
3 Execute actions continued 
Supply chain
63
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Our progress to date
We are tracking progress of supply chain 
engagement through our leading indicators.  
We have made significant progress around  
climate change plans and targets, with 82%^  
of key suppliers committed to either a Science-
based Target Initiative (‘SBTi’) based target (78%), 
or target based on the UN’s Race to Zero initiative 
(4%). We are currently improving our underlying 
data to measure progress in reducing our supply 
chain baseline of c.0.2 M tCO 2e. 
We have continued to encourage our suppliers 
to engage in our CDP supply chain programme, 
with participation increasing to 84% for our key 
suppliers. We have also started to engage with  
our high-risk suppliers, which will continue to  
be an important focus for 2023 and beyond.
Internal governance framework
We have integrated environmental risk analysis into 
our Third Party Management model. This model 
covers oversight of all key third parties to actively 
monitor their performance and ensure that they 
are following the requirements set out in our ESG 
Supply Chain Standards. Working through this 
framework enables us to monitor ESG progress  
via relationship managers and business functions, 
alongside direct supplier engagement.
Enhancing our supplier data
We are looking to improve our data integrity and 
governance as a critical business priority in the 
next 12–18 months and on a rolling basis. This will 
primarily focus on sustained efforts to improve 
our supply chain spend data quality, specifically 
in terms of categorisation and taxonomy, which 
will improve the accuracy of our supply chain 
emissions and support with strategic supplier 
management decisions around net zero.
4 Monitor and refine
Supply chain
64
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Supply chain
Our directional roadmap
 Getting started  Taking action   Achieving scale
Own operations
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025+
Our Lead roadmap 
builds on the excellent 
work to date on 
achieving our 2025 
Scope 1 and 2 
operational emissions 
targets three years early, 
and scaling up our 
supplier engagement.
For our own operations, our 
focus is now on further 
eliminating and reducing our 
operational emissions with a 
particular focus on our Scope 3 
business travel emissions; and 
preparing to buy carbon removal 
credits to compensate for any 
remaining operational emissions.
For our supply chain emissions, 
our near-term focus is to scale  
up our engagement with key 
suppliers. In the medium term, 
our goal is to integrate carbon 
pricing into sourcing and 
procurement decisions, 
alongside net zero clauses  
and factoring emissions into  
our tender processes.
Begin delivery of the carbon management 
strategy by prioritising capital expenditure 
projects and placing a price on carbon to 
incentivise actions on reduction
Realise absolute 
Scope 1 and 2 
carbon reductions 
(min 60% from 2019) 
Implement carbon removal credit 
strategy for residual carbon
Measure operations 
carbon footprint 
and set targets  
and strategy
Lever
Update Supplier Code  
of Conduct to include 
environmental aspects
Publish ESG Supply Chain 
Standards including actions  
and steps towards 
decarbonisation
Introduce carbon pricing to sustainable 
strategic sourcing for most material spend 
categories in terms of emissions Introduce 
sustainable strategic sourcing
84% of key 
suppliers engaged 
on climate change
82% of key  
suppliers committed  
to SBTi or Race  
to Zero
90% of key suppliers 
committed to SBTi or 
Race to Zero
Measure supply chain carbon 
footprint and set targets and strategy
Undertake supply chain 
spend and taxonomy  
data exercise
Introduce carbon pricing 
as an additional lever to 
support sustainable 
strategic sourcing
65
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
We are committed to embedding action on net zero  
across our business through robust governance,  
integrating climate change in our Group’s risk  
management framework and upskilling our 
colleagues to enable them to deliver our ambition.
Embedding robust governance 67
Embedding climate risk into our risk
management framework 71
Engaging our colleauges 72Embedding net zero 
in our business
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
66
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Board oversight and delegation to committees and management
Committee and management accountability and performance measuring 
Board and Board Committees
Executive and Management
Working group
Direct reporting
Board 
Sustainability  
 Committee
Board Audit  
Committee
Board 
Remuneration  
 Committee
Board Risk  
Committee
Board 
Nomination  
 Committee
Chief Executive 
Officer
Net Zero Steering Group
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Board
Chief Financial 
Officer
Chief Risk  
Officer
Indirect reporting/engagement
Enterprise Sustainability Committee
Ensuring robust governance
Robust governance ensures a solid 
foundation for accountability and 
action on climate change. We have a 
clear governance framework in place 
to ensure we systematically and 
effectively identify, assess and  
manage climate-related risks  
and opportunities – figure 30. Our 
framework covers our climate change 
strategy, our investments portfolio 
and our operations and supply chain. 
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Board oversight
Phoenix Group Holdings (‘PGH’) plc Board has 
oversight of the Group’s overall strategy, including 
the sustainability strategy of which the transition to 
net zero is a central element. The Group’s strategic 
approach to climate change (including the 
management of climate-related risks and 
opportunities) is therefore overseen by the Group 
Board, supported by the Board Sustainability 
Committee. The Board Sustainability Committee 
is responsible for:
• Oversight of the Group’s sustainability strategy, 
related activity and approach to Environmental, 
Social and Governance (‘ESG’) matters; 
including oversight of the Group’s approach 
to climate risk and opportunity within its 
sustainability strategy and actions set out to 
achieve our net zero goals included in this  
Net Zero Transition Plan
• Review and oversight of the content of the 
Group’s sustainability reporting, including but 
not limited to the Group’s annual Sustainability 
Report and Taskforce for Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (‘TCFD’) disclosures 
and this Net Zero Transition Plan, including 
recommending for approval by the Board 
of PGH
Although defined roles and responsibilities are 
assigned to respective Board committees, 
cross-committee membership and engagement 
between the committees drive consistency of 
climate strategy and risk management across  
the Group’s governance framework. 
A full overview of the Board committees’ roles 
and responsibilities relating to the management, 
oversight and reporting of climate risk and 
opportunities can be found on page 14 of the 
Climate Report. 
Read our Climate Report  
An overview of the role of the Enterprise 
Sustainability Committee and Net Zero Transition 
Plan Steering Group are given on the following 
page in table 11.
The PGH governance structure oversees overall 
delivery of the NTZP; investment decisions are 
taken within our investment portfolio governance 
framework, which is detailed on page 70.
Figure 30: Our Climate Governance Framework
67
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Ensuring robust governance continued
Executive and management’s role
Individual accountability
The Group’s Chief Executive Officer, Andy Briggs, 
is the Executive Board Director responsible for 
implementation and delivery of the Group’s overall 
strategy. The sustainability strategy forms part of 
the Group strategy, which includes climate change. 
In addition to this Group responsibility, Andy was 
also appointed as Chair of the Association of 
British Insurers’ new Board sub-group on Climate 
Change in 2022 which co-ordinates and drives 
collective focus on climate change across the 
insurance industry.
Individual responsibility for ensuring the 
appropriate identification, assessment, 
management and reporting of climate-related 
financial risks and opportunities that could impact 
the Group sits with the Group’s Chief Financial 
Officer (‘CFO’) and the Group’s Chief Risk Officer 
(‘CRO’), both appointed as joint Senior Managers 
responsible for climate-related financial risk under 
the UK Prudential Regulation Authority’s (‘PRA’) 
and Financial Conduct Authority’s (‘FCA’) Senior 
Managers and Certification Regime.
As part of wider financial reporting responsibilities, 
the Group CFO is responsible for reporting 
metrics and targets and external disclosures, and 
as part of wider risk responsibilities, the Group 
CRO is responsible for ensuring that climate-
related risks are incorporated into the existing risk 
management framework. 
Table 11: Management/operational level groups 
To ensure implementation of the Group’s strategy we have the following groups and committees:
Committee/Group Responsibilities
Enterprise Sustainability Committee • Ensures implementation of the Group’s overall sustainability strategy and associated initiatives, 
including climate change. 
• Membership comprises key Executive Committee members, including sustainability pillar, risk and 
TCFD sponsors. The Committee’s membership also comprises the Corporate Affairs and Investor 
Relations Director (Chair) and the Chief Sustainability Officer (‘CSO’). The Committee meets at least 
five times a year (it met on six occasions in 2022) and supports the Board Sustainability Committee, 
providing updates on progress against strategy, KPIs and targets.
Net Zero Steering Group • Ensures the cross-group collaboration on delivery of the Net Zero Transition Plan with membership 
from Customer, Investment, Operations, Supply Chain, Risk and Legal teams. 
• The steering group was responsible for the production of the Net Zero Transition Plan and is now 
responsible for delivery of the activities detailed within it. 
• Following publication of the Net Zero Transition Plan we will undertake a review to determine the 
appropriate governance to drive the plan’s implementation at a management and operational level. 
Executive oversight
We have named Executive Committee members who sponsor delivery of the strategy to enable our climate change targets to be achieved:
• Investment Portfolio – Chief Investment Officer
• Operations – Group HR Director
• Supply Chain – Chief Operations Officer
Our Director of Corporate Affairs & Investor Relations is accountable for overall delivery and is response for reporting progress via the Enterprise 
Sustainable Committee.
68
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Ensuring robust governance continued
Linking Executive remuneration to delivery  
of Net Zero Transition Plan 
Performance measures for the 2022 Long Term 
Incentive Plan (‘LTIP’) have been designed to 
incorporate an ESG metric relating to the Group’s 
external commitments for decarbonisation of 
Phoenix’s operations and investment portfolio. 
The measures form part of the Directors’ strategic 
scorecard, accounting for 10% of the Group 
Chief Executive Officer’s bonus and 8% of the 
Group Chief Financial Officer’s bonus. This  
ESG element of the 2022 LTIP has a 20% 
weighting (10% for decarbonisation of operations 
and 10% for decarbonisation of investment 
portfolio) to the long-term plan, linked to 
quantitative achievements against our 
decarbonisation commitments. 
Targets for the 2023 LTIP will focus on progress 
towards our interim decarbonisation targets to: 
• Achieve a reduction of 25% in the carbon 
emission intensity of our investments by 2025, 
to cover all listed equity and credit assets 
where we can exercise control and influence  
(c. £160 billion). 
• Achieve net zero carbon emissions in the 
Group’s operations by 2025. The scope  
for this target, set using science-based 
techniques, is Scope 1 and 2 emissions from  
our occupied premises. 
The 2023 LTIP outcomes will be set by reference 
to delivery as at the end of 2025. 
Resourcing delivery of our net zero ambition
We have committed significant resources as a 
Group to stand up teams across relevant business 
units to deliver our net zero activity. 
• Our Central Sustainability team is responsible 
for setting and overseeing the delivery of  
our climate strategy
• Our Sustainable Investments team is responsible 
for delivery of decarbonisation of our 
investments portfolio, undertaking stewardship 
activities and investing in climate solutions
• We have a dedicated Environmental team  
in our Operations team to deliver our 
decarbonisation programme 
• We have an ESG Supply Chain team in our 
Supply Chain function that engages with  
our supplier base on net zero
• Our Customer Sustainability team work 
alongside our Sustainable Investments and 
propositions teams in our brands, such as 
Standard Life, to plan and deliver customer 
engagement on climate change
Across each functional area there is a senior 
sponsor from the Group Executive Committee 
accountable for delivery and a dedicated lead 
responsible for co-ordinating implementation  
of the strategy. 
Divisional governance
To embed decarbonisation activity across the 
Group, we have dedicated governance across  
our investment portfolio (described on page 70) 
and our own operations and supply chain that  
is described below.
Operations
The Group Operations Sustainability Steering 
Committee has been established to provide a steer 
on the implementation and achievement of the 
Phoenix Group’s operational environmental  
and supply chain strategies, driving forward  
the Group’s agenda covering the breadth  
of those strategies and related initiatives.
The Committee provides regular updates to  
the Enterprise Sustainability Committee on the 
implementation of the decarbonisation strategies 
across our own operations and supply  chain.
Supply chain
For our supply chain the Third Party Oversight 
Forum (TPOF) has been set up to monitor and 
provide strategic direction, oversight, challenge 
and reporting on all areas of third-party supplier 
management including associated operational 
supply chains throughout the third-party lifecycle 
with a key focus on Material Third Parties, defined 
as those relationships categorised as Strategic  
or Critical to the Phoenix Group. The forum 
oversees how the supply chain manages macro 
environmental factor such as, climate-related risks 
and opportunities as well as the management of 
other sustainability risks within the supply chain. 
69
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Climate change governance for our investment portfolio
T o oversee delivery of the net zero 
transition in our investment portfolio 
we have developed our governance 
framework across our Group and 
Life Company. 
The  LifeCo Board is responsible for the approval 
and monitoring of the overall Life Companies’ 
long-term strategy, to include, but not limited to, 
Investments, Asset and Liability Management, 
Customer (and Vulnerable Customers) and 
Conduct. The  LifeCo Board operates a committee 
structure to assist in the execution of these duties 
to ensure that customer/policyholder interests 
are properly balanced against those of other 
stakeholders to deliver fair outcomes.
The Independent Governance Committee 
(‘IGC’) works in the interests of the members of 
contract-based workplace personal pension 
schemes to assess the value for money in relation 
to costs and charges, investments (including 
ESG integration and stewardship activities), 
communications, scheme administration, 
investment pathways and other relevant 
governance matters. It is an independent 
committee and provides updates on its work to the  
LifeCo Board.
The With-Profits Committee protects the interests 
of with-profits policyholders and advises on the 
fair management of the with-profits business. This 
includes an assessment on investments and the 
implementation of ESG integration and stewardship 
activities. On an annual basis, it provides its 
independent opinion to the  LifeCo Board.
The Standard Life Master Trust Committee 
(‘SLMTC’)  is an independent board and subsidiary 
company of Standard Life Assurance Limited 
(‘SLAL ’). It works in the interests of members of the 
Standard Life Defined Contribution Master Trust 
and Stanplan A pension schemes by assessing 
value for money for members of those schemes, 
scrutinising SLAL ’s investments, costs and charges, 
sustainable investment commitments, TCFD 
disclosures, scheme administration and customer 
communications. 
The  LifeCo Board Investment Committee (‘BIC’) 
manages the overall investment and asset and 
liability strategies for Life Companies, of which 
there are six to ensure that customer/policyholder 
interests are balanced with those of other 
shareholders to ensure fair outcomes. The 
committee recommends Investment Managers 
within the Group, oversees these arrangements 
and also considers new asset classes as and when 
appropriate. The committee reviews, oversees and 
approves policies, framework and activities related 
to sustainable investment and stewardship.
The Enterprise Asset Management Committee 
(‘EAMC’) provides holistic executive direction 
and oversight of the Group’s investment strategy 
(including the strategic asset allocation framework 
and the asset liability management strategy) and 
asset management activities undertaken for 
policyholder and shareholder funds, ensuring 
alignment with sustainability strategies and 
relevant risk appetites. The committee reviews and 
recommends for approval policies and activities 
related to sustainable investment and stewardship.
In 2022, BIC and EAMC met quarterly. In each 
session items related to sustainable investment 
were discussed and approved. In particular, 
these committees have reviewed our updated 
Stewardship Policy, Global Voting Principles,  
ESG Expectations document, UNGC  
engagement project and climate change 
engagement programme.
The Internal Credit Rating Committee (‘ICRC’) 
provides oversight of risk management activities 
related to credit risk governance and investment 
decisions. Its responsibilities include approving the 
framework for ESG exclusions and restrictions, 
acting as the escalation committee for the Portfolio 
and Credit Committee and providing oversight 
on ESG investments for shareholder assets.
The Portfolio & Credit Committee (‘PCC’)  has 
oversight of the credit portfolio and assists the 
EAMC in the execution of the Group’s investment 
strategy through oversight of risk management 
activities related to credit risk governance and 
investment decisions. The PCC oversees the 
integration of ESG factors in investment decisions 
(including overrides to ESG exclusions and 
restrictions) and the implementation of the 
Group’s sustainability framework. 
The Sustainable Investment Forum (‘SIF’) 
provides direction, oversight, scrutiny and 
challenge on sustainable investment matters, 
including stewardship. The purpose of the forum is 
to embed ESG issues into the investment process 
and decision-making, ensure consistency of 
terminologies and strategies across the Group 
entities factoring customer obligations as 
applicable, and confirm alignment of proposals 
with the agreed overall Group sustainability strategy.
The Stewardship Working Group (‘SWG’)  is 
responsible for reviewing and approving 
statements to be presented at company AGMs, 
text of letters to be sent to Chairs/CEOs of 
companies (both private and public), public 
investor statements on specific companies, public 
investor statements on ESG topics addressed  
to regulators and monitoring activities of voting  
by asset management partners. 
70
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
We are engaging colleagues across the 
Group to increase their awareness of 
our climate ambition and help them 
play a personal role in tackling climate 
change and contributing to the 
delivery of our climate ambition.
Ensuring that colleagues have the knowledge, skills 
and capability to deliver our net zero transition is 
central to our engagement. We will continue to 
upskill Board Members through dedicated 
education sessions to enhance their and the wider 
Group’s knowledge and understanding of climate 
change risk and opportunities, connected 
regulation and market practice. This training will 
strengthen the Group’s approach to addressing 
these matters. We are developing capacity on 
sustainability and climate change amongst our 
leadership group and will look to utilise further 
training such as the training carried out by the 
Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership  
in 2022. 
Our Phoenix Climate Hub, launched in January 
2022, is an intranet-based platform aiming to 
increase understanding of climate change impacts, 
communicate the Group’s climate strategy and 
provide useful tools and resources. The educational 
modules include content exploring the science 
of climate change, how it presents a risk and 
opportunity, deep dives on strategy and how all 
colleagues can make a day-to-day impact. In May 
2023 we launched an all-colleague sustainability 
training programme that focuses on climate action. 
We will continue to update the content as the 
transition to net zero unfolds and undertake further 
training with teams across the business responsible 
for managing our work on climate change across 
the Group. 
We have continued to engage colleagues across 
the Group through our Sustainability Network 
and Environmental Champions Group launched 
in 2021. They aim to engage and empower 
colleagues on positive environmental behaviour. 
Over the course of the 2023 and beyond, these 
colleagues will play an important part in reducing 
the impact of our operations by ensuring our 
Environmental Management System is run 
effectively; and will work with our Volunteering 
Champions on environmental projects in our 
local communities. 
Engaging our colleagues
We launched our Electric Vehicle 
Scheme in 2022 to offer our colleagues 
the option of leasing an electric vehicle 
as part of the sustainability benefits we 
offer. This initiative enhances the suite of 
opportunities our colleagues have for 
reducing the impact of their commute to 
the office. We believe it to be an effective 
way to promote lower emissions and 
cleaner air on a local level and to support 
a wider acceleration for the adoption of 
electric vehicles worldwide. Our other 
longer-standing incentives include 
season ticket support and cycle to  
work schemes.
Case study: Employee electric vehicle scheme
“   We know sustainability is important 
to our colleagues. So implementing 
an electric vehicle leasing scheme 
that helps them switch to more 
environmentally friendly vehicles 
and reduce their carbon footprint 
has proved popular. We launched  
the scheme in May 2021 and so far 
over 145 cars have been ordered.”
Sara Thompson,  
Group HR Director
71
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
1. Risk 
strategy
and culture
2. Risk appetite
3. Risk universe
4. Risk 
policies
5. Governance  
and organisation
7. Strategic risk
management
9. Risk and control processes and reporting
6. Emerging 
risk 8. Risk 
and capital
models
The Group’s Risk Management 
Framework (RMF) has been enhanced 
to support the identification, 
assessment and mitigation of climate 
risk – figure 31. We will continue to 
evolve the framework to reflect both 
our increased understanding of these 
risks and emerging market practice. 
Identification of climate-related risks has been 
embedded into the components of the RMF,  
which supports the identification of risks both 
quantitatively and qualitatively and from a 
top-down and bottom-up perspective. Key to  
our understanding of our climate risk exposure is:
• Annual stress and scenario testing;
• Ongoing emerging risk, regulatory  
and market scanning;
• Ongoing carbon footprinting exercises; and
• Monitoring of our progress against climate risk 
metrics, risk appetites and external targets.
Embedding climate risk  
into our risk framework
For a full overview of our risk management 
approach for climate change, please see  
pages 40 – 44 of the Climate Report 
Figure 31: Risk Management Framework 1. Risk strategy and culture
Sustainability and minimising environmental 
impact are a key component of the Group’s 
strategy. We have a specific sustainability 
strategy and set net zero carbon 
commitments for operations, supply chain  
and the investment portfolio, as well as 
specific annual goals such as sustainable 
origination targets for private placements.
2. Risk appetite
The sustainability risk appetite statement  
is approved by the Board and was updated 
during 2022 to reflect our latest sustainability 
strategy. We have approved supporting 
climate risk appetite statements and metrics 
with footprints throughout the Risk Universe.
3. Risk Universe
Climate risk is treated as cross-cutting risk, 
rather than standalone risk, as it can 
potentially impact all risk categories 
underlying the Risk Universe. 
4. Risk policies
All policies have been reviewed to ensure 
appropriate content is included for material 
climate risk exposures. Policies with a 
potential climate impact contain specific 
flags to ensure climate risk is clearly considered.
5. Governance and organisation
Governance is led by the Board Risk and 
Board Sustainability Committees plus 
supporting management committees.  
There is clarity on roles and responsibilities 
across the three lines of defence.
6. Emerging risk
Climate and ESG risks continue to  
be monitored via the well-established 
emerging risk process, which also  
considers the evolving regulatory  
landscape. This is supported by  
forward-looking Own Risk and Solvency 
Assessment (‘ORSA’) monitoring.
7. Strategic risk management
Climate risk is a principal risk and considered 
as part of Line 2 oversight of strategic 
developments, e.g. annual operating  
plan development, project reviews,  
ORSA, management actions and regular  
risk reporting.
8. Risk and capital models
External tools have been sourced to support 
carbon footprinting and climate scenario 
analysis. Models have been developed  
for internal climate scenario analysis  
with enhancements made in 2022 and  
planned in 2023.
9. Risk and control processes and reporting
A climate risk dashboard covering key Level 1 
risks is integrated into our regular risk 
reporting. Minimum control standards  
are also in place for key policies.
72
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
We have developed a comprehensive metrics framework  
which allows us to measure and manage the impacts of 
transition and physical risk on our investment portfolio, 
operations and supply chain. Regularly measuring our 
progress against our ambitious targets help us to ensure  
we remain on track to achieve our net zero ambition.
Investment portfolio metrics 74
Own operations metrics 75
Supply chain metrics 75
Measuring  
our progress
73
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
73
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Our climate change metrics 
framework is aligned with emerging 
best practice in evaluating exposure 
to climate-related risks and 
opportunities. We aim to align our 
framework to the GF ANZ metrics 
and targets categories of 1. Real-
economy Transition 2. Plan 
execution 3. Portfolio emissions
In line with Transition Plan Taskforce guidance, 
we are committed to updating our Net Zero 
Transition Plan at least every three years. Where 
there are material updates, such as interim 
milestones being met, we will refresh the plan 
periodically. We will update on progress on  
an annual basis in our Climate Report that  
reports against the TCFD framework.
Our investment portfolio metrics are given in 
table 12 opposite, with own operations and 
supply chain given in table 13 and 14 on the 
following page.
Our climate change metrics
Table 12: Investment portfolio metrics
GFANZ 
category
Measure Metric Unit Methodology Overview Performance 
2022 2021 2020 2019
Investment 
metrics
Portfolio 
emissions
Carbon 
footprint
Absolute financed 
emissions ^
tCO2e PCAF Captures a portfolio’s fair  
share of emissions of the  
investee companies
 20,771,411 24,424,897
Economic 
emissions 
intensity ^
tCO2e /£m  
invested
PCAF Expresses portfolio emissions  
per unit of capital invested 
73 105
Revenue emissions 
intensity (‘WACI’) ^
tCO2e /£m 
ICO2e/$m 
revenue
TCFD Expresses portfolio emissions  
per unit of sales revenue of  
the investee companies
139 158
Portfolio 
emissions
Transition  
risk
Percentage of 
assets exposed to 
high transition risk 
sectors ^
% of AUA Bespoke Proportion of portfolio invested 
in sectors that are vulnerable in a 
transition to a net zero economy
20
Exposure to the 
fossil fuel industry ^
Bespoke Proportion of portfolio invested 
in the fossil fuel industry based 
on revenue threshold
8
Percentage of 
financed emissions 
in high-emitting 
sectors ^
NZAOA Captures percentage of  
target list of companies for 
climate engagement
40
Portfolio 
emissions
Portfolio 
alignment
Science-based 
Targets portfolio 
coverage ^
TCFD Proportion of portfolio invested 
in companies that have set 
science-based targets
47
Portfolio 
emissions
Data 
quality
Data quality score ^ Data score 
from 1 – 5
PCAF Hierarchy which allows  
the scoring of the quality  
of emissions data of  
individual companies
1.9 1.8
Real 
economy 
transition
Climate 
solutions
Amount invested in 
climate solutions ^
£bn Bespoke Investment in climate solutions 
as defined in our Sustainable 
Finance Framework for  
Private Markets
£0.7
74
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Our climate change metrics continued
Table 13: Own operations metrics
GFANZ category Measure Metric Unit Methodology Overview Performance 
2022 2021 2020 2019
Operational 
metrics
Portfolio emissions Carbon footprint Scopes 1, 2 and selected 
Scope 3 absolute 
emissions – voluntary
tCO2e Greenhouse Gas Protocol, 
EcoAct Homeworking 
Emissions Whitepaper
Measures Scopes 1 and 2 and 
selected Scope 3 absolute emissions 
15,395 24,014 22,236 21,523
Intensity metric for 
Scopes 1 and 2 emissions 
per full-time equivalent 
employee (‘FTE’) 
tCO2e/FTE Measures Scopes 1 and 2 carbon 
emissions intensity per FTE 
accounting for renewable energy  
to promote carbon reduction
Location based
0.73 0.81 1.23 1.7
Market based
0.34^ 0.38
Intensity metric for 
Scopes 1 and 2 emissions 
from occupied premises 
per floor area 
kgCO2e/m2 Measures Scopes 1 and 2 carbon 
emissions intensity per floor  
area, without accounting for 
renewable energy to promote 
energy savings actions
Location based
57 62
8
80 101
Market based
26^ 30
Table 14: Supply chain metrics
GFANZ category Measure Metric Unit Methodology Overview Performance 
2022 2021 2020 2019
Supply chain 
metrics
Portfolio emissions Carbon footprint Scope 3 purchased 
goods and services
tCO2e Greenhouse Gas Protocol 
hybrid approach using ‘EEIO’ 
analysis of spend industry 
average emission factor. 
Enhanced with primary 
supplier CDP data  
where available
Measures Scope 3 cat 1 or 2 
footprint in tCO 2e (emissions from 
purchased goods and services and 
purchased fixed assets)
1184,066 066 194,513 066 57,348
% key suppliers with 
Race to Zero/SBTi ^
% Bespoke Supplier committed to either 
setting an SBT or joining UN’s  
Race to Zero campaign
82
75
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Our TCFD disclosure 77
Mapping against GFANZ and TPT guidance 78
Stewardship focus list 79
Forward looking statements 80
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
76
Appendix
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Our TCFD disclosure 
Our progress to date crucially 
includes disclosing against the 
Taskforce for Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures. (‘TCFD’). We 
have been fully compliant with this 
disclosure framework since 2021.
In line with Transition Plan Taskforce guidance  
we will use our annual Climate Report to update  
on progress of delivering our strategy as detailed  
in this Transition Plan.
Overview of our 2022 Climate Report
Our progress against each of the four pillars of the TCFD have been the building blocks for our climate strategy. An overview of progress in 2022 is given below.
Pillar Actions
Governance • Incentives – Integrated ESG metrics and targets within the 2023 Long Term Incentive Plan and the Group Executive Directors’ 
Strategic Scorecard. 
• Strategy development – Reviewed materiality and benchmarked sustainability strategy highlighting climate change as highest 
priority theme and approved the Group’s 2022 sustainability strategy and related KPIs and targets; including climate-related targets. 
• Decarbonisation target evolution  – Approved science-based targets for validation by the SBTi. 
• Responding to stakeholders  – Oversight of Group responses to an increasing demand for ESG disclosure from investors and  
other stakeholders. 
• Capacity building  – Continued upskilling across the Group through tailored education sessions on climate change related topics  
and our Net Zero Transition Plan.
Strategy • Delivered foundations across our climate strategy  to Invest for the future, Engage to multiply impact and Lead by example.  
Detail is provided in the Invest, Engage, and Lead sections of this Transition Plan.
Risk Management • Climate risk reporting – Further developed our internal climate risk reporting, reflecting the evolution of market best practice and 
tracking the progress made in terms of the Group’s interim net zero targets for both internal operations and the investment portfolio. 
• Risk Management Framework enhancement  – continued development as further information is developed, including through 
scenario analysis work. 
• Building our analytic capabilities  – Continued to enhance our internal climate scenario analysis capabilities and enhanced the data 
strategy and model for collecting and reporting on climate risk.
Targets and metrics • Financed emissions baseline –  Baselined Scope 3 financed emissions for sovereign debt and real estate, increasing investment 
portfolio coverage to 77%. This increased our baseline carbon footprint as at year-end 2019 to 24 million^ tCO 2e per year.
• Broadened suite of climate  metrics to include exposure to the fossil fuel industry and portfolio temperature score.
• Science-based targets  – Submitted decarbonisation targets for validation by the Science Based Targets Initiative (‘SBTi’). 
• Reduced our direct emissions by 80 % in operational carbon emissions intensity (from occupied premises per FTE against 2019). 
• Set our indicative estimated supply chain baseline of c. 0.2 million tCO 2e and pathway to decarbonisation. 
• Engaged key partners  on our ambition to halve our supply chain emissions by 2030, with 82% ^ committed to either an SBTi based 
target or UN’s Race to Zero initiative-based target
77
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding Net Zero 
in our business Measuring our progress
Becoming a 
Net Zero business
Mapping of Transition Plan against 
GFANZ and TPT Guidance
We have used emerging guidance from the GF ANZ Financial Institution 
Net-Zero Transition Plans Final Report and the Transition Plan Taskforce 
(‘TPT’) Disclosure Framework to help shape this transition plan. The tables 
below map where content in this document is aligned to the guidance.
GFANZ Guidance
GFANZ Framework 
Element
Recommendation Mapping to our Transition Plan
Foundations 1. Objectives and priorities • Becoming a net zero business – our net  
zero ambitions p16
• Our climate action model p18
Implementation 
strategy
1. Products and services • Invest p20 – 41
• Engage – Engaging our customer p42 – 47
2. Activities and decision-making • Embedding net zero in our business p66 – 72
3. Policies and conditions • Invest p20 – 41, Lead p53 – 64
Engagement 
strategy
1. Clients and portfolio companies • Engage – Engaging our customers p44 – 47
• Invest – Effective stewardship of our assets p34 – 37
2. Industry • Engage – Driving wider system change p48 – 52
3. Government and public sector
Metrics and targets 1. Metrics and targets • Measuring our progress p73 – 75
Governance 1.  Roles, responsibilities, 
and remuneration
• Embedding net zero in our business – Ensuring  
robust governance p67 – 70
2. Skills and culture • Embedding net zero in our business – Engaging  
our colleagues p71
TPT Guidance
Guiding 
principle
Element Recommendation Mapping to our Transition Plan
Ambition 1. Foundation 1.1 Objectives and priorities • Becoming a net zero business – our  
net zero ambitions p16
• Our climate action model p18
1.2   Business model  
implications
Action 2.  Implementation 
Strategy
2.1   Business planning and 
operations
• Becoming a net zero business – the 
case for action for Phoenix Group p15
2.2  Products and services • Invest p20 – 41
• Engage – Engaging our customers 
p42 – 47
2.3  Policies and conditions • Invest p20 – 41
• Lead p53 – 642.4  Financial planning 
2.5 Sensitivity analysis • Invest – scenario analysis and modelling 
p26 – 27
3.  Engagement 
Strategy
3.1  Engagement with value chain • Invest – Effective stewardship of our 
assets p34 – 37
• Engage – Engaging our customers 
p44 – 47
• Lead – Supply Chain p60 – 65
3.2  Engagement with industry • Engage – Driving wider system change 
p48 – 523.3  Engagement with government
Accountability 4.  Metrics & 
Targets
4.1 Governance • Embedding net zero in our business –
Ensuring robust governance p67 – 70
4.2 Financial metrics and targets • Measuring our progress p73 – 75
4.3  GHG emissions metrics  
and targets
5. Governance 5.1  Board oversight and reporting • Embedding net zero in our business –
Ensuring robust governance p67 – 725.2  Roles, responsibility  
and accountability
5.3 Culture
5.4 Incentives and remuneration
5.5  Skills, competencies  
and training
78
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
The 25 companies on our focused 
engagement list account for 40%  
of our financed emissions in material 
sectors in corporate fixed income  
and listed equity holdings (using  
our 2019 carbon footprint baseline  
as reference).
Company name Industry
Arcelormittal Steel
BASF SE Chemicals
B P P. L .C . Oil & Gas
Centrica PLC Utilities 
Chevron Corp Oil & Gas
Covestro AG Chemicals
Delta Air Lines Transport
easyJet PLC Transport
Equinor Oil & Gas
Glencore PLC Mining & Metals
Mondi PLC Agriculture, Forestry & Fisheries ure, Forestranheries
National Grid PLC Utilities
NextEra Energy Inc Utilities
Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Steel
NRG Energy Utilities
Repsol SA Oil & Gas
Rio Tinto PLC Mining & Metals
Royal Dutch Shell PLC Oil & Gas
RWE AG Utilities
SOUTHERN CO/THE Utilities
Total SA Oil & Gas
TUI AG  Transport
Ultratech Cement (Grasim Industries is ultimate parent) Cement
Veolia Environnement Multi Utilities M
Yara International ASA Chemicals
Our climate focused stewardship engagement list
79
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Climate metrics, including aims, ambitions, 
estimates, forecasts, plans, projections and targets 
and other climate metrics used in this document, 
especially if they are forward-looking, merit  
special caution as they are more uncertain  
than metrics based solely on factual historical 
financial information.
Certain sections in this document contain 
climate-related and other forward-looking 
statements and metrics, such as aims, ambitions, 
estimates, forecasts, plans, projections and  
targets and other climate metrics.
There are many significant uncertainties, 
assumptions, judgements, opinions, estimates, 
forecasts and statements made of future 
expectations underlying the forward-looking 
statements in this document which could cause 
actual results, performance, outcomes or  
events to differ materially from those expressed  
or implied in these forward-looking such 
statements. Such uncertainties and factors  
include, without limitation:
• the extent and pace of climate change;
• uncertainty around future climate-related policy;
• the effectiveness of actions of governments, 
legislators, regulators, businesses, investors, 
customers and other stakeholders to mitigate the 
impact of climate and sustainability-related risks;
• changes in customer behaviour and demand;
• changes in the available technology  
for mitigation;
• the roll-out of low carbon infrastructure;
• the availability of accurate, verifiable, reliable, 
consistent and comparable climate-related data;
• lack of transparency and comparability of 
climate-related forward-looking methodologies;
• variation in approaches and outcomes; and
• reliance on assumptions and future uncertainty.
Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed 
on these statements.
Furthermore, changing national and international 
standards, industry and scientific practices, 
regulatory requirements and market expectations 
regarding climate change, which remain under 
continuous development, are subject to different 
interpretations. There can be no assurance that 
these standards, practices, requirements and 
expectations will not be interpreted differently 
than what was Phoenix Group’s understanding 
when defining its climate-related ambitions  
and targets.
The forward–looking statements contained in this 
document speak only as of the date we make them. 
Except to the extent legally required, we expressly 
disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update 
or revise any forward-looking statements in this 
document, whether to reflect any change in our 
expectations regarding those forward-looking 
statements, any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such statement is 
based, or otherwise.
This document, the information, statements and 
disclosure included in it are not formally part of  
any offering documents and are not contractually 
binding. This document is not intended to be  
an advertisement for the purposes of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation and investors should  
not make any investment decisions based on  
the information included in this document.
Forward-looking statements
80
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
At a glance
Our business
c.£259bn
total assets under 
administration
c.6,800
colleagues as at 1 March 2023
FTSE 100
and FTSE All World
c.£6.4bn
market capitalisation as at  
1 March 2023
£12.1bn
Group in-force long-term free 
cash to emerge from our current 
in-force business
Phoenix Group is the UK’s largest  
long-term savings and retirement 
business. We offer a broad range  
of pensions and savings products  
to support people across all stages  
of the savings life cycle.
Our vision 
To grow a strong and sustainable  
business to help more people on their 
journey to and through retirement.
Our purpose drives everything we do: 
Helping people  
secure a life  
of possibilities.
Growth
We grow our business through finding new ways to develop 
our expertise and innovate.  
Passion
We’re passionate about understanding and acting on what’s 
important to our customers, colleagues and society.  
Responsibility
We build trust by taking accountability and empowering 
others to do the right thing.  
Courage
We’re ambitious in the challenges we solve and we always 
speak up. 
Difference
We collaborate across boundaries and embrace difference 
to deliver the best customer and colleague outcomes.
c.12m
customers
Who we are Our business
Our family of brands 
Our values
81
Phoenix Group Holdings plc Net Zero Transition Plan
Invest Engage Lead
Embedding net zero 
in our business
Becoming a 
net zero business Measuring our progress
Executive 
summary
Contact us
News and updates
In line with our Net Zero Transition Plan and our  
commitment to reduce our environmental impact,  
you can view key information on our website:  
thephoenixgroup.com 
To stay up-to-date with Phoenix Group news and other 
changes to our site’s content, you can sign up for email  
alerts, which will notify you when content is added.  
https:/ /www.thephoenixgroup.com/site-services/email-alerts
If you want to contact our Media Team, please email  
dilesh.sangaran@thephoenixgroup.com
Registered address
Phoenix Group Holdings plc  
20 Old Bailey 
London 
EC4M 7AN
Registered number 11606773
