potential
Championing 
A relationship bank for  
a digital world
NatWest Group plc 
2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Our 2022 reporting suite brings together key reports including NatWest Group’s 
Annual Report and Accounts, Climate-related Disclosures Report which includes 
the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan and Environmental, Social and 
Governance Disclosures Report. The reports are intended to provide useful 
information to our stakeholders and are available at natwestgroup.com.
Inside this report
1 Introduction  3
2 Governance 14
3 Strategy and Climate transition plan 21
4 Risk Management and scenario analysis 53
5 Metrics and Targets 66
Company announcement and 
Financial supplement
Our latest company information 
including our financial performance  
for the year with a focus on key 
metrics and measurement.
Group Annual Report and 
Accounts
Incorporating our 2022 Strategic 
report, Governance and 
remuneration report – including 
the annual report on remuneration 
– Risk and capital management 
report and latest financial 
statement and related notes.
ESG Disclosures Report
An overview of our purpose in 
action and key environmental, social 
and governance matters including 
progress in 2022.
As a founding signatory of the UN Principles for 
Responsible Banking, our ambition is to align our 
strategy with the 2015 Paris Agreement and the 
UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The 
Climate area of focus strives to make a positive 
impact on:
Cautionary statement on inclusion
The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are 
a collection of 17 non-legally binding interlinked 
global goals set forth by the UN for countries 
and governments. These are included only as 
indicative guidance for NatWest Group’s 
ambition to align to its strategy to the UN 
Sustainable Development Goal and NatWest 
Group makes no representation, warranty, or 
assurance of any kind, express or implied, or 
takes no responsibility or liability as to whether 
NatWest Group’s strategy furthers the objective 
or achieves the purpose of the indicated SDG.
NatWest Group climate ambition
Climate is one of three areas of focus in our purpose-led strategy, alongside Enterprise 
and Learning.
Enterprise
We are committed to removing barriers to enterprise and providing businesses  
in the UK with the support they need to grow.
Climate
We have made addressing the climate challenge and supporting our customers  
in their transition to net zero a strategic priority.
Learning
We are helping people to take control of their finances, to make the most of their 
money, safely and securely – now and in the future.
ESG Frameworks Appendix
Our progress with reference to 
industry-wide sustainability 
standards: UN Principles of 
Responsible Banking and 
Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB) Standards.
Link to NatWest Group glossary and abbreviations
(SDG 7.1, 7.2, 13.1, 13.3, 17.7)
Case studies throughout this report reference 
positive impacts mapped against other SDGs.
Also included in our reporting suite:
On www.natwestgroup.com
Non-financial information datasheet
which summarises our selected non-financial 
information data on our key ESG metrics.
2022 Basis of Reporting
which comprises our approach, scope, and controls 
for the sustainability metrics included in the reporting 
suite and within the scope of EY assurance.
1NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
We are driven by our purpose and enabled by our strategy.
We remove barriers to create strong enterprises. We turn ambition into 
action to help tackle climate change. And we build financial capability 
through learning.
By supporting our customers at every stage of their lives, we can build 
long-term value, invest for growth, make a positive contribution to 
society and drive sustainable returns for shareholders.
Championing 
A relationship bank  
for a digital world
potential
2NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Introduction
Note on materiality
The below should be considered when assessing and referencing materiality in the context of our  
climate-related disclosures.
Our public disclosures, including our climate-related disclosure, include a range of topics that we believe are 
relevant to our businesses and that are of interest to investors and other stakeholders. For the purposes of 
complying with our annual, periodic and interim disclosure obligations in the United Kingdom and the United 
States we apply a materiality standard based on the applicable rules and regulations governing public reporting 
in the United Kingdom and the United States. However, in our climate-related disclosures, we have adapted our 
approach to materiality based on both the subject matter and purpose of the disclosures. In particular, when we 
believe that doing so may allow us to better address climate-related matters of interest to our key stakeholders, 
our approach to these disclosures may sometimes have regard to broader understandings of materiality based on 
certain external frameworks and reporting guidelines that take into consideration a wider range of factors relevant 
to climate-related disclosures, including the views of our key stakeholders and our ambition to be a leading bank 
in the UK helping to address the climate challenge. To accommodate this approach to materiality, we may 
occasionally have regard to new frameworks and standards when we believe that doing so may allow us to better 
understand and address climate-related matters. 
This report uses longer time frames to assess potential impacts than those time frames customarily used in 
certain of our other disclosures, including our annual, periodic and interim financial reports filed with the London 
Stock Exchange (‘LSE’) in the United Kingdom and the Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) in the United 
States. This approach to materiality means that this report, and many of our climate-related disclosures, including 
with respect to climate-related risks and opportunities, include certain information that we have not included in our 
LSE and SEC filings for which we use a different approach to materiality. 
Our approach to materiality in this report and in other climate-related disclosures also means that statements 
made in this report and in our other climate-related disclosures use a greater number and level of assumptions 
and estimates than many of our LSE and SEC filings. These assumptions and estimates are subject to change over 
time, and, when coupled with the longer time frames used in these disclosures, make any assessment of materiality 
inherently uncertain. In addition, our climate risk and impact assessment capabilities and net-zero transition 
strategy and plan remain under development, and the data underlying these and market practice in relation to 
these disclosures also remain subject to evolution and change over time. 
The information in this report includes non-financial metrics, estimates or other information that are subject 
to significant uncertainties, which may include the methodology, collection and verification of data, various 
estimates and assumptions, and/or underlying data that is obtained from third parties, some of which cannot 
be independently verified. As a result, we expect that certain disclosures made in this report may be amended, 
updated, recalculated and restated in the future as the quality and completeness of our data and methodologies 
continue to improve.
In this section
1.1 Welcome from our Group Chief Executive
1.2 Our climate strategy
1.3 Climate progress highlights
1.4 Our transition to net zero 
1.5 TCFD: Climate-related disclosures overview
1
3NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
A plan for change
We want to deliver a more sustainable economy and 
future for the customers and communities we serve, 
which is why addressing climate change – one of the 
most critical issues of our time – is a strategic priority 
for the bank. It sits at the heart of our purpose, 
because we know that tackling climate change is not 
only good for the planet, but good for our customers 
and our business too.
NatWest Group has established itself as a leading 
voice for finance on tackling climate change. In 2022, 
we worked alongside the UK Government to support 
the UK Pavilion at COP27, co-hosting several 
high-profile events with customers and key 
stakeholders such as the Sustainable Markets 
Initiative. Closer to home, through our climate 
resolution, the Board gave shareholders their ‘Say on 
Climate’ asking them to support our strategic direction 
on climate change at the AGM. The resolution was 
endorsed by the vast majority of our shareholders, 
indicating strong support for our climate strategy.
Receiving the Sustainable Markets Initiative’s Terra 
Carta Seal – which recognises organisations that are 
demonstrating their commitment to, and momentum 
towards, the creation of sustainable markets – 
acknowledges the progress we have been making 
towards our purpose and climate ambitions.
Significantly, NatWest Group has become the first UK 
bank, and one of the largest banks globally to date, 
to have science-based targets validated by the 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). These targets 
underpin the initial iteration of our Climate transition 
plan (published in this report), which outlines the steps 
we aim to take to at least halve the climate impact of 
our financing activity by 2030 and achieve our net 
zero climate ambition by 2050.
We recognise that achieving our climate ambition and 
delivering the initial iteration of our Climate transition 
plan is dependent on a number of factors beyond 
our control, including technological innovation and 
changes in consumer behaviour. Crucially, as Mission 
Zero: Independent Review of Net Zero by the Rt Hon 
Chris Skidmore MP highlighted, there is an urgent 
need for consistent, long-term policy commitment 
from government in order to harness the growth 
opportunities generated through the transition to  
net zero.
Supporting our customers
Meanwhile, with increasing pressure on energy 
supplies and the rising cost of living, we have 
continued to help our customers navigate the 
transition to net zero. With practical support such 
as the launch of a Green Homes Retrofit Pilot and 
innovative solutions such as the EPC awareness 
feature in our customer mortgage portal, we continue 
to help customers better understand their emissions 
and the steps they can take to reduce their carbon 
footprint. And to help businesses in their transition to 
more sustainable practices, we reduced the threshold 
for our universal Green Loan for SMEs from £50,000 
to £25,001.
We have now provided £32.6 billion of climate and 
sustainable funding and financing against our target to 
provide £100 billion between 1 July 2021 and the end 
of 2025, which includes £27.2 billion across 
Commercial & Institutional, as well as mortgage 
lending for EPC A and B homes totalling £5.1 billion in 
Retail Banking and £0.2 billion in Private Banking. 
Elsewhere, through our new Carbon Planner tool, UK 
businesses are gaining fresh insight to unlock potential 
cost and carbon savings.
However, we recognise that we still must do more to 
achieve our climate ambition and alignment with the 
2015 Paris Agreement. Support from policy makers as 
well as collaboration across the private sector will be 
vital for mobilising the finance necessary to fund the 
infrastructure of future green economies. Initiatives 
such as Carbonplace, where we have joined forces 
with other financial institutions to create a global 
carbon credit transaction network, or the Sustainable 
Homes and Buildings Coalition, which NatWest Group 
launched with British Gas, Worcester Bosch and 
Shelter, to improve UK building energy efficiency, are 
great examples of how this cross-industry partnering 
can have meaningful real-world impact.
We acknowledge as well the evolving and often 
imperfect nature of climate data currently available. 
We aim to use the best available methodologies and 
make our analysis as robust and transparent as 
possible, now and in the future. As such, this report 
demonstrates that we remain focused on the task 
ahead, aware of both our current responsibilities and 
the opportunity of be part of the climate solution.
Alison Rose, DBE
NatWest Group Chief Executive Officer
A welcome from our Group Chief Executive1.1
Maintaining
Demonstrating our climate ambition
our momentum
‘NatWest Group has become the 
first UK bank, and one of the 
largest banks globally to date, to 
have science-based targets 
validated by the Science Based 
Targets initiative. These targets 
underpin the initial iteration of 
our Climate transition plan.’
Alison Rose, DBE
Group Chief Executive Officer
4NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Our climate strategy
We have an ambition to be net zero by 2050 across our financed emissions, assets under management (AuM) and our operational value chain
For details of our approach to Nature and Biodiversity refer to the 2022 NatWest Group plc Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Disclosures Report 
1.2
Our 2030 climate ambitions
We plan to reduce carbon intensity of our in-scope AuM 
by 50% by 2030, against a 2019 baseline, and to move 
70% of in-scope AuM to a net-zero trajectory.(1)
We have an ambition to at least halve the climate 
impact of our financing activity by 2030, against a 2019 
baseline, and align with the 2015 Paris Agreement.
We plan to reduce emissions for 
our operational value chain by 
50%, against a 2019 baseline.
How we are helping to address the climate challenge
Our purpose is to champion potential. Helping people, families and businesses to thrive.
Our climate ambition is to be a leading bank in the UK, helping address the climate challenge.
We have a target to provide £100 billion 
climate and sustainable funding and financing 
between 1 July 2021 and the end of 2025. 
As part of this we aim to provide at least 
£10 billion in lending for EPC A and B rated 
residential properties between 1 January 
2023 and the end of 2025.
We have an ambition to support our UK 
mortgage customers to increase their 
residential energy efficiency and incentivise 
purchasing of the most energy efficient 
homes, with an ambition that 50% of our 
mortgage portfolio has an EPC rating of C  
or above by 2030.
Supporting customer 
transition to net zero
We plan to phase-out of coal for UK and 
non-UK customers who have UK coal 
production, coal fired generation and 
coal related infrastructure by 1 October 
2024, with a full global phase-out by  
1 January 2030.
Helping to end 
the most harmful 
activities
We plan to collaborate cross 
industry and create products and 
services to enable customers to 
track their carbon impact.
Powerful 
partnerships  
and collaborations
Each year, we plan to include targets for executive 
remuneration that reflect our latest climate ambitions.
We plan to continue the integration of the financial and 
non-financial risks arising from climate change into our 
enterprise-wide risk management framework (EWRMF).
We have a target to reduce our direct own operations 
emissions by 50% by 2025, against a 2019 baseline.
We plan to use only renewable electricity in our direct own 
global operations by 2025 (RE100) and improve our energy 
productivity 40% by 2025 against a 2015 baseline (EP100).
We plan to install electric vehicle charging infrastructure in 
15% of spaces across our UK portfolio by 2030 and upgrade 
our fleet of around 100 vehicles to electric by 2025 (EV100).
Getting our own 
house in order
Achievement of our climate ambitions is dependent on timely, appropriate government policy, technology developments, as well as on our customers and society to respond. At the same time, as a purpose-led organisation, we aim to 
engage and support our customers’ transition to a net-zero economy. Refer to section 3 for further details. For further detail on our climate ambitions and SBTi targets refer to sections 1.3 and 3.3. 
(1) Refer to pages 38 to 39 of the Net Zero Asset Managers Initiative’s Initial Target Disclosure Report (May 2022).
5NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate progress highlights
(1) Achievement of the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan, published in this report, is dependent on timely, appropriate government 
policy, technology developments, as well as on our customers and society to respond.
(2) Between 1 July 2021 and the end of 2025.
(3) Since launch in Q4 2020. Retail Banking Green Mortgage products only. Green Mortgages are available to all intermediaries for all 
residential and Buy-to-Let properties with an energy performance rating of A or B and specific new build developer properties. Available 
for Purchase, Porting and Re-mortgage applications.
(4) As defined in the Credible Transition Plan (CTP) assessment. Refer to pages 30 – 31 of the NatWest Group plc 2021 Climate-related 
Disclosures Report for further details on the assessment of CTPs for oil and gas majors and in-scope coal customers. 
(5) As at 31 December 2022. Based on gross lending (amortised cost and Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI), gross 
of Expected Credit Loss (ECL)) and related off balance sheet exposures.
(6) Retail Banking RBS, NatWest and Ulster Bank Northern Ireland mobile apps.
(7) Direct own operations is defined as Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 (paper, water, waste, business travel, commuting and work from 
home) emissions. It excludes upstream and downstream emissions from our value chain.
(8) Historic values are updated from values reported in 2021. This is due to updated bills, data provision and extrapolations.
(9) See Directors’ Remuneration Report within 2022 Annual Report and Accounts for further details.
(*) Within scope of EY assurance. Refer to page 10. 
1.3
Supporting customer  
transition to net zero
Powerful partnerships 
and collaborations
Helping to end the  
most harmful activities
Getting our own house  
in order
Cumulative contribution towards 
£100 billion climate and sustainable 
funding and financing target(2)
2021: £8.1bn (1 July - 31 Dec )
£32.6bn(*)
Percentage of EPC C or better rated homes 
in our UK mortgage portfolio for which EPCs 
are available (£138.8bn or 68% of our UK 
mortgage portfolio)
2021: 38.3%
41.5%(*)
of our lending exposure, as at 31 December 
2019, covered by 2030 sector targets validated 
by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)
79%
Retail Banking Green Mortgage 
completions since launch(3)
2021: £0.7bn
£2.9bn(*) 46%
Reduction in emissions in our direct  
own operations(7), against a 2019 baseline
2021: 44%(8)
of NatWest Group’s Executive Directors’ 
annual bonus is based on performance 
against our climate ambitions(9)
10%
£0.3bn(*)
Exposure to in-scope coal customers(4)
2021: £0.6bn
0.7%(*)
Exposure(5) to the oil and gas sector as a 
percentage of NatWest Group total remained 
stable compared with the previous year
330,000+
Customers accessed our carbon tracking 
tool, developed in collaboration with Cogo 
and available through our Retail Banking 
mobile app(6) in 2022
Engage
We continued to collaborate with policy 
makers, peers and bodies such as GFANZ 
and the Transition Plan Taskforce to 
support a net-zero transition
In line with our climate ambition and focus on sustainable growth, NatWest Group was proud to become the first UK bank, and one of the largest banks globally to date, to have science-based targets validated 
by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). In 2022, we gave shareholders a Say on Climate at our AGM, with 92.58% of votes cast in favour of the resolution, supporting our strategic direction on climate 
change and our intention to develop a Climate transition plan,(1) with annual progress reports to be published.
Reserve based 
lending
From February 2023 we will not provide reserve 
based lending specifically for the purpose of 
financing oil and gas exploration, extraction  
and production for new customers. After 
31 December 2025 we will not renew, refinance 
or extend existing reserve based lending 
specifically for the purpose of financing oil and 
gas exploration, extraction and production
We are partnering with Places for People, 
British Gas Centrica and Schneider Electric 
– coordinated by Pineapple Sustainable 
Partnerships - to show that retrofitting 
homes at scale can be an achievable and 
affordable goal
Retrofit pilot
6NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate progress highlights continued
Our 2030 ambitions 2022 outcome Future priorities
We have an ambition to at least halve the climate impact of our 
financing activity by 2030, against a 2019 baseline, and align with the 
2015 Paris Agreement.
 • We continued to develop our measurement capability. This included 
announcing 2030 sector targets validated by the SBTi as science 
based for 79% of our lending book at December 2019.
 • We developed the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan. See 
section 3 for further details.
 • NatWest Group will continue to evolve our Climate transition plan 
during 2023 including further work on the systems thinking approach. 
This will include continuing to develop products and services to 
support our customer transition as well as continued external 
engagement with industry and government (see section 3.4).
We plan to reduce the carbon intensity of our in-scope Assets under 
Management (AuM) by 50%, against a 2019 baseline, and to move 70% 
of our in-scope AuM to a net-zero trajectory.
 • We published our interim net zero strategy and ambitions, 
considering 89% of AuM to be in-scope for net zero(1).
 • We redesigned our core investment products incorporating our focus 
on net zero into fund and portfolio documentation. 
 • We reduced the carbon intensity of equity holdings of our in-scope 
AuM by a weighted average of 30%(2) per fund/portfolio (compared to 
a baseline of 2019 carbon intensity, weighted using 2022 AuMs).
 • To support our ambition to align 50% of in-scope AuM to a net-zero 
trajectory by 2025, we plan to make more climate-related data 
available to customers to increase awareness of the progress being 
made across in-scope AuM.
 • We plan to continue our engagement with fund managers and 
companies to set climate strategies that are aligned to a net-zero 
trajectory.
We plan to reduce emissions for our operational value chain by 50%, 
against a 2019 baseline.
 • We started to use spend data and publicly sourced sector-specific 
emission factors to calculate our supplier emissions. We established a 
multi-year Supplier Decarbonisation Programme to support delivery 
of our 2030 and 2050 carbon reduction targets.
 • We plan to continue emission reductions within our own operations, 
alongside investments to mitigate greenhouse gas emissions, in line 
with SBTi guidance.
Ambition 2022 outcome Future priorities
Supporting customer transition to net-zero
We have a target to provide £100 billion climate and sustainable funding 
and financing between 1 July 2021 and the end of 2025. As part of this 
we aim to provide at least £10 billion in lending for EPC A and B rated 
residential properties between 1 January 2023 and the end of 2025.
 • In the year ended 31 December 2022, we provided £24.5 billion of 
climate and sustainable funding and financing.
 • We have now provided £32.6 billion(*) of climate and sustainable 
funding and financing towards our £100 billion target between 1 July 
2021 and the end of 2025. This includes £5.4 billion for EPC A and B 
rated residential properties.
 • We will continue to develop products and services to support 
customer transition to net zero.
We have an ambition to support our UK mortgage customers to 
increase their residential energy efficiency and incentivise purchasing of 
the most energy efficient homes, with an ambition that 50% of our UK 
mortgage portfolio has an EPC rating of C or above by 2030.
 • As at 31 December 2022, 41.5%(*) (31 December 2021 38.3%) of our 
UK residential mortgages portfolio that had EPC data available(3) was 
rated as EPC C or higher.
 • We aim to provide an additional £10 billion in lending for EPC A and B 
rated residential properties between 1 January 2023 and the end of 
2025 as part of our climate and sustainable funding and financing 
target. 
Helping to end the most harmful activity
We plan to phase-out of coal for UK and non-UK customers who have 
UK coal production, coal-fired generation and coal-related infrastructure 
by 1 October 2024, with a full global phase-out by 1 January 2030.
 • Exposure to coal customers, as defined in the Credible Transition 
Plan (CTP) assessment completed in 2021, was £0.3 billion(*) as at 
31 December 2022 (£0.6 billion as at 31 December 2021). For further 
details on our ESE policies refer to page 41. See section 5.1 for 
further detail on heightened climate-related risk sectors. 
 • As a member of the Powering Past Coal Alliance, we aim to support 
the organisation’s goal to advance the transition from unabated coal 
power generation to clean energy, and continue to phase-out of coal, 
in line with our 2024 and 2030 ambitions.
(1) Refer to pages 38 to 39 of the Net Zero Asset Managers Initiative’s Initial Target Disclosure Report (May 2022).
(2) For AuM, carbon intensity is calculated as tons of Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon emissions per $1 million of sales. This is measured for 
equity holdings only which, as at 31 December 2022, made up 52.5% of overall AuM. Carbon intensity data is sourced from Morningstar 
at the underlying fund level. Carbon intensity is aggregated at the fund/portfolio level, then weighted based on AuM for 31 December 
2022. To produce a carbon intensity reduction figure, a comparison is done at the fund/portfolio level only against baseline fund/portfolio 
data, then weighted based on 31 December 2022 AuM for all in-scope AuM. As a result, the movement in AuMs between 31 December 
2022 and the 31 December 2019 baseline has not been considered. Where external data is unavailable and where deemed appropriate, 
proxies are selected that match the fund characteristics. Figure reported is based on external data as at 30 September 2022.
(3) As at 31 December 2022, £138.8 billion, 68%, of the total residential mortgages portfolio had EPC data available. 
(*) Within scope of EY assurance. Refer to page 10. 
7NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate progress highlights continued
Ambition 2022 outcome Future priorities
Powerful partnerships and collaborations
We plan to collaborate across industry and create products and 
services to enable customers to track their carbon impact.
 • Engaged with policymakers and officials on a range of climate-related 
topics, recognising the importance of collaboration and significant 
role that policy has to play in providing the long-term frameworks, 
incentives and certainty required for progress on net zero. As part of 
the Sustainable Homes and Buildings Coalition, we engaged on the 
need to improve the energy efficiency of the UK’s housing stock, 
focusing on how this can be accelerated. 
 • Engaged with peers, policy makers and stakeholders through 
GFANZ, Transition Plan Taskforce, NZBA, Financial Markets Stability 
Board and NZAM initiative to facilitate a net-zero transition. 
 • We will continue to enhance our partnerships to create opportunities 
for supporting customer transition. These include:
 • Working with Places for People, British Gas Centrica and 
Schneider Electric - coordinated by Pineapple Sustainable 
Partnerships - to work together on a pilot project to show that 
retrofitting homes at scale can be an achievable and affordable 
goal.
 • Exploring how we can work with the Supply Chain Sustainability 
School to share the knowledge and build the skills needed to 
retrofit homes across the UK.
Getting our own house in order
Each year, we plan to include targets for executive remuneration that 
reflect our latest climate ambitions.
 • Climate considerations continue to be included in senior executive 
remuneration and as part of the bonus pool assessment for our 
wider workforce, recognising its central role in our strategy.
 • Refer to the Directors’ Remuneration Report in the 2022 Annual 
Report and Accounts for further details.
 • We will continue to embed climate in decision-making including 
regular monitoring of progress against our climate ambitions.
We plan to continue the integration of the financial and non-financial 
risks arising from climate change into our enterprise-wide risk 
management framework (EWRMF).
 • Increasing use of quantification in risk assessments with enhanced 
analytics capabilities under development for integration in the EWRMF.
 • Enhancement of core strategic climate risk modelling capabilities and 
initial integration into risk management and customer journeys.
 • Work will continue to further integrate climate-related risk across 
business processes to achieve full integration within risk management 
and decision-making.
We have a target to reduce our direct own operations emissions by 
50% by 2025, against a 2019 baseline.
 • We reduced our direct own operations emissions by 46%, against 
a 2019 baseline.
 • We plan to continue emission reductions within our direct own 
operations, alongside investments to mitigate greenhouse gas 
emissions, in line with SBTi guidance. 
We plan to use only renewable electricity in our direct own global 
operations by 2025 (RE100) and improve our energy productivity 40% 
by 2025 against a 2015 baseline (EP100).
 • We increased our consumption of renewable electricity to 98% across 
our global operations. For operations in the UK and Republic of 
Ireland, electricity consumption used 100% renewable electricity.
 • Energy productivity has increased by 41% since 2015, and electricity 
consumption decreased by 8% since 2021.
 • We intend to work with our principal landlords to advocate for 
renewable electricity provision for all properties.
 • Our aim is to maintain energy efficiency improvements following 
a safe return to office-based working.
We plan to install electric vehicle charging infrastructure in 15% of large 
office space across our UK portfolio by 2025 and upgrade our fleet of 
100 vehicles to electric by 2025 (EV100).
 • As at 31 December 2022, we had installed electric vehicle charging 
points in 13% of our large office car park spaces across our UK 
portfolio. In addition, as part of our ambition to electrify our fleet, we 
reviewed and reduced our fleet size from 300 to approximately 100 
vehicles, of which 3% are EVs.
 • We aim to apply lessons from the EV100 plan to our global operations 
using electric transport where available and provide electric vehicle 
chargers for colleagues at our Indian offices. We are also designing 
an electric vehicle mobile branch pilot and supporting charging 
infrastructure to enable further roll-out.
8NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
NatWest Group has been a signatory to the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI) 
since 1997 and the Equator Principles since 2003. We have come a long way since activists protested against 
our financing of oil, gas and coal in 2010. In 2011, we launched our Environmental, Social & Ethical (ESE) 
Risk Framework, which required enhanced due diligence for certain lending and loan underwriting customer 
relationships, transactions, activities and projects. We recognise that through our financing activity 
NatWest Group may contribute to climate change. As the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan illustrates, 
we are committed to playing our part in addressing the climate challenge, but we cannot transform the real 
economy on our own. Ultimately, success will be determined by society’s willingness to adapt, supported by 
consistent, long-term government policy and continuing technical innovation.
20212015 2020 2022 2025 2030 2050
Task Force on 
Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) created by the 
Financial Stability Board
Bank of England publishes SS3/19, 
outlining how banks should manage 
climate-related financial risks
Announced our purpose-led 
climate ambition
SBTi issues financial services sector 
science-based targets guidance
First major UK bank to join Partnership for 
Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF)
Founding members of Glasgow Financial 
Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ), Net Zero 
Banking Alliance (NZBA) and members of 
Powering Past Coal Alliance
Annual General Meeting Say 
on Climate resolution
Science-based targets 
validated by SBTi for 79% of 
our lending book and own 
operational emissions.
Initial iteration of Climate 
transition plan developed
Launched Carbon Planner to 
support customer transition
Launched Carbonplace 
Target to provide £100 billion climate and 
sustainable funding and financing between 
1 July 2021 and the end of 2025. As part 
of this we aim to provide at least 
£10 billion in lending for EPC A and B 
rated residential properties between 
1 January 2023 and the end of 2025.
Ambition to at least halve the 
climate impact of our financing 
activity, against a 2019 baseline, and 
align with the 2015 Paris Agreement 
Ambition that 50% of our UK mortgage 
portfolio has an EPC rating of C or 
above by 2030
Reduce emissions for our wider 
operational value chain by 50%,  
against a 2019 baseline
Plan to reduce the carbon intensity 
of our in-scope AuM by 50%, against 
a 2019 baseline, and align 70% of 
in-scope AuM to a net-zero trajectory
Ambition to achieve 
net zero across our 
financed emissions, 
AuM and 
operational value 
chain
2019
Our transition to net zero 1.4
Key opportunities to support the 
transition
 • Provision of £100 billion climate and sustainable 
funding and financing between 1 July 2021 and 
the end of 2025. As part of this we aim to 
provide at least £10 billion in lending for EPC A 
and B rated residential properties between 
1 January 2023 and the end of 2025.
 • Development of carbon tracking tools.
 • Enhanced customer and colleague 
education tools.
 • Building powerful partnerships to support 
customer transition.
There is a dependency on timely, appropriate government 
policy, technology developments, as well as on our customers 
and society to respond. At the same time, as a purpose-led 
organisation, we aim to engage and support our customers’ 
transition to a net-zero economy. Further detail on how we 
are exploring potential opportunities and dependencies for 
transition is available in section 3 of this report. 
Financed emissions Asset Management Operational value chain
 • Move 50% of in-scope AuM to a net-zero 
trajectory by 2025.
 • Voting and engagement in line with net zero, 
including support for climate-related 
shareholder resolutions.
 • Continue to build net zero into our 
investment process and our engagement 
with funds.
 • Install electric vehicle charging infrastructure in 15% of 
large office space across our UK portfolio by 2025.
 • 100% renewable electricity across our global operations.
 • Continue to increase energy efficiency in our buildings 
through updated technology, design and data analysis.
 • Review the buildings we occupy and move to more 
sustainable buildings where appropriate. 
Joined Net Zero Asset 
Managers (NZAM) initiative
Principal partner for COP26
Target to reduce emissions from 
direct own operations by 50% by 
2025, against a 2019 baseline
9NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
NatWest Group publicly committed to support the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations in 2017. During 2022, we continued to evolve our 
alignment with the TCFD recommendations as summarised in the following tables. 
TCFD: Climate-related 
disclosures overview
1.5
2022 progress Future priorities Section
Governance
NatWest Group’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities
The Board’s oversight of 
climate-related risks and 
opportunities
 • 92.58% of votes cast were in favour of our Say on Climate resolution, indicating 
strong shareholder support for our climate strategy.
 • The NatWest Group Board and Board committees oversaw the development of the 
initial iteration of our Climate transition plan and approved the plan prior to publication.
 • Board and Executive Committee (ExCo) continuing 
oversight of delivery, and ongoing development, of 
the initial iteration of NatWest Group's Climate 
transition plan, development of customer level 
decision-making tools as well as regular monitoring 
of climate ambitions.
2.1, 2.2
Management’s role in assessing 
and managing climate-related 
risks and opportunities
 • Business areas have enhanced local governance forums to support an integrated 
management response to delivering our climate ambitions, development of the initial 
iteration of our Climate transition plan, the identification of climate-related opportunities 
and the effective management of climate-related risks. In addition, cross-bank 
climate-related forums continue to provide strategic insight and expertise, supporting 
collaboration and ensuring a One Bank approach to climate governance.
 • Continue to build knowledge and further embed 
operating models and business processes across 
the organisation to support the oversight and 
management of climate-related risks and 
opportunities within NatWest Group’s overall 
business strategy and risk appetite.
2.1, 2.3, 2.4
Governance Strategy
Risk 
Management
Metrics and 
Targets
Assurance approach
NatWest Group plc appointed Ernst & Young LLP (EY) to provide independent assurance over certain sustainability metrics, indicated with (*) in this report. The assurance engagement was planned and performed 
in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (UK) 3000 (July 2020), Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information (“ISAE (UK) 3000 (July 2020)”). An 
assurance report was issued and is available at natwestgroup.com. This report includes further details on the scope, respective responsibilities, work performed, limitations and conclusion.
NatWest Group confirms that it has:
 • made climate-related financial disclosures for the year ended December 31, 2022 that it believes are 
consistent with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) Recommendations and 
Recommended Disclosures (as defined in the FCA’s Listing Rules, as amended by the Disclosure of 
Climate-Related Financial Information (No 2) Instrument 2021) which include (i) “Recommendations of the 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures” (June 2017) (focusing in particular on the four 
recommendations and the eleven recommended disclosures set out in Figure 4 of Section C of the TCFD 
Final Report); (ii) “Implementing the Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures” (October 2021 version); (iii) “Guidance on Metrics, Targets and Transition Plans” (October 
2021 version); (iv) Technical Supplement - “The Use of Scenario Analysis in Disclosure of Climate-related 
Risks and Opportunities” (June 2017); and (v) “Guidance on Risk Management Integration and Disclosure” 
(October 2020) and summarised in the tables on pages 10-14;
 • set out these disclosures in this report and in the “NatWest Group 2022 Annual Report and Accounts”, 
both published on 17 February 2023 (and available on natwestgroup.com); and
 • adopted this approach given the detailed and technical content of the climate-related financial disclosures 
as it believes these presentations best present its climate-related financial disclosures in a decision-useful 
manner to the users of these reports.
10NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
2022 progress Future priorities Section
Strategy
The actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on NatWest Group’s businesses, strategy and financial planning
Climate-related risks and 
opportunities identified over the 
short, medium and long-term
 • NatWest Group’s climate ambition, announced in February 2020, recognises various 
short, medium and long-term(1) climate-related risks and opportunities to embed 
climate in our business and culture, as well as support our customers in their 
transition to net zero.
 • Continue to integrate climate-related decision-
making in business activities.
3.1, 3.2, 4.2, 5.1
The impact of climate-related 
risks and opportunities on our 
businesses, strategy and financial 
planning
 • We developed the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan. This plan focuses on 
the delivery of our 2030 decarbonisation ambitions and will inform further work on 
our journey to net zero by 2050 across our financed emissions, assets under 
management and our operational value chain. 
 • We have enhanced the financial planning process to incorporate actions included 
within the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan and also used the financial 
forecasts to consider impacts on our Climate transition plan.
 • We continued to harness climate-related opportunities including providing climate and 
sustainable funding and financing and a range of green loan products and services. 
 • We will continue to work on aligning the financial 
planning and transition planning processes. 
 • We will further enhance carbon planning, 
measurement and tracking capability to support 
the ongoing development of our Climate 
transition plan. 
1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 2,3, 
3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 
3.5, 3.6, 3.7, 4.2. 
4.2a, 4.3, 5.4, 
5.5, 5.7 
The resilience of our strategy, 
taking into consideration 
different climate-related 
scenarios, including a 2°C 
or lower scenario
 • We ran internal scenario analysis and completed round two of the Bank of 
England’s Climate Biennial Exploratory Scenario (CBES) exercise, as well as 
developing internal scenario analysis tools and core strategic climate risk modelling 
capabilities to embed within our existing risk management processes.
 • This work allowed us to assess our exposure to climate-related risk across our lending 
book and provided insights which we continue to incorporate within our climate strategy 
and to inform work on the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan.
 • One of the key lessons from this work is that while climate-related risks could 
potentially amplify other risk drivers, for example resulting in effects such as the 
erosion of competitiveness, profitability, or reputational damage, overall NatWest 
Group is resilient to these risks, within the context of the scenarios tested, and we 
will continue to monitor and manage this through our enterprise-wide risk 
management framework (EWRMF).
 • A priority area of focus for NatWest Group in 2022 has been the continued 
enhancement of how we incorporate climate risk into our capital adequacy 
assessment process (ICAAP) and strategic planning process. This ensures that we 
have sufficient capital for the most material source of climate-related risk over the 
capital planning horizon. 
 • Continue to enhance scenario modelling 
and analytic capabilities.
 • Address challenges related to the availability of 
granular, reliable and verifiable customer data.
 • Respond to developing regulatory requirements 
on the approach to climate-related risk within 
the regulatory capital regime.
4.2a, 5.5
TCFD: Climate-related disclosures overview continued
Governance Strategy
Risk 
Management
Metrics and 
Targets
(1) Our climate transition planning uses different time frames than those used in financial reporting. Accordingly, the references to “short”, “medium” and ”long term” in climate reporting are not indicative of the meaning of similar terms used in 
certain of our other disclosures, including our annual, periodic and interim reports. 
11NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
2022 progress Future priorities Section
Risk Management
How NatWest Group identifies, assesses and manages climate-related risks
Our processes for identifying and 
assessing climate-related risks
 • We reviewed and refreshed our assessment of the relative significance of climate 
risk on other principal risks. This assessment used the judgement of risk subject 
matter experts combined with scenario analysis, increased granularity of climate 
data, as well as improved understanding of evolving regulatory guidance to 
understand the current and potential impact of physical and transition climate-
related risk as a causal factor to other principal risks.
 • We identify and assess climate-related risks through three principles:
 • Undertaking scenario analysis to understand the potential impacts of  
climate-related risks.
 • Identifying segments of our portfolio and operations with heightened  
climate-related risk exposure. In 2022 we established an increasingly 
quantitative methodology for the identification and assessment of 
heightened climate-related risk sectors and subsectors.
 • Assessing individual customer and supplier climate-related risk exposure. 
In 2022, we completed the development and launch of qualitative climate 
risk scorecards and conducted sustainability assessments of our suppliers.
 • NatWest Group regularly considers existing and emerging regulatory requirements 
related to climate change through external horizon scanning and monitoring of 
emerging regulatory requirements.
 • Scaled implementation of quantitative scorecards 
within credit assessment processes.
4.2, 4.2a
Our processes for managing 
climate-related risks
 • We launched preliminary shadow operational limits supported by EPC for transition 
risk and physical flood risk data, to monitor the performance of the current Retail 
Banking mortgage portfolio and new mortgage business.
 • Credit assessment processes have been improved to support customer interactions, 
including mandatory climate conversations with in-scope(1) customers. These 
conversations reflect the specificity of sector and asset class, and the size and 
sophistication of these customers.
 • Evolution and application of appropriate credit 
limits informed by climate-related risk and 
transition plans.
 • Continued evolution and monitoring of 
Environmental, Social and Ethical Risk Acceptance 
Criteria in accordance with framework.
 • Review of internal control standards in response to 
the outcomes of the non-financial risk scenario. 
4.3
How our processes for 
identifying, assessing and 
managing climate-related 
risks are integrated into 
overall risk management
 • We continued to mature our integration of climate risk within NatWest Group’s risk 
management. This involved increased use of quantification in risk assessments with 
enhanced analytics capabilities under development for integration in the enterprise-
wide risk management framework (EWRMF).
 • Enhanced reporting to relevant senior governance forums covering areas of risk 
concern across all material sectors and portfolios. 
 • Regular monitoring of an initial suite of quantitative key climate risk indicators.
 • Work will continue to further integrate climate-related 
risks across business processes to work towards full 
integration within our risk management framework 
and business-as-usual decision-making.
4.1, 4.2, 4.2a, 4.3
TCFD: Climate-related disclosures overview continued
(1) Guidance on in-scope customers is tailored to each business area and detailed in the Climate Transaction Acceptance Standards Handbook. For example, for Business Banking Relationship Managers the criteria is - new or increased lending 
applications of £50,000 and above.
Governance Strategy
Risk 
Management
Metrics and 
Targets
12NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
2022 progress Future priorities Section
Metrics and Targets 
The metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material
The metrics used to assess 
climate-related risks and 
opportunities in line with 
our strategy and risk 
management process
Metrics used to assess climate-related risks:
 • Exposures to heightened climate-related risk sectors;
 • Energy efficiency and flood risk assessment for UK residential mortgage portfolio;
 • NatWest Group’s own operational footprint;
 • Estimates of financed emissions based on absolute emissions and emissions 
intensities, including progress against sectoral decarbonisation pathways;
 • Estimates of facilitated emissions from corporate bond underwriting. 
Metrics used to assess climate-related opportunities:
 • Climate and sustainable funding and financing;
 • NatWest Group’s Own Green Bond issuance.
Refer to the Directors’ Remuneration Report in the NatWest Group plc 2022 Annual Report 
and Accounts for further details of integration of climate considerations into remuneration. 
 • Continue to develop metrics and measurement 
capabilities to monitor and manage climate-related 
risks and opportunities.
 • Continue to develop measurement, monitoring and 
reporting capabilities for Asset management. 
 • Continue to monitor evolving carbon measurement 
standards and enhance capabilities including 
continuing engagement with PCAF on finalisation 
of the financed emissions standard
3.2, 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 
5.4, 5.5, 5.6, 5.7
Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if 
appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions, and the 
related risks
 • We continued to develop and enhance capabilities to measure emissions in relation 
to our own operations as well as financed emissions.
 • We reduced emissions from our direct own operations by 46%, against a 2019 
baseline, and increased our renewable electricity consumption to 98%.
 • Continue our work to enhance the availability of 
data and data quality to support future calculations 
of financed emissions including absolute emissions 
and emissions intensities.
5.4, 5.5, 5.7
The targets used to manage 
climate-related risks and 
opportunities and performance 
against targets
 • Our stated climate ambition is to be a leading bank in the UK helping to address the 
climate challenge. We have an ambition to achieve net zero by 2050 across our 
financed emissions, assets under management and our operational value chain. 
Progress is monitored via climate-related targets and ambitions across the following 
thematic opportunities: supporting customer transition to net zero, helping to end 
the most harmful activities, powerful partnerships and collaborations and getting our 
own house in order. 
 • NatWest Group was the first UK bank, and one of the largest banks globally to date, 
to have science-based targets validated by the SBTi. Our portfolio targets cover 
79% of lending activities by outstanding exposure as at 31 December 2019. 
 • Continue to monitor our performance against our 
climate-related targets and ambitions and revise 
as appropriate.
1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 3.1, 
3.3, 3.4, 5.4, 
5.5, 5.7 
TCFD: Climate-related disclosures overview continued
Governance Strategy
Risk 
Management
Metrics and 
Targets
13NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Governance
Board and senior management oversight of climate-related 
risks and opportunities is supported by embedding climate 
within our established governance structure and 
operating rhythm.
In this section
2.1 Climate governance model
2.2 Board oversight
2.3 Executive oversight and management responsibilities
2.4 Asset Management governance
2
14NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
NatWest Group plc Board – Establishes purpose, sets strategic aims, monitors and oversees progress against strategic climate targets
Group Board Risk Committee
Considers current and potential future 
climate risk exposures
Group Sustainable Banking 
Committee
Oversees progress against our purpose 
and climate ambition
Group Nominations and Governance 
Committee
Monitors NatWest Group’s governance 
arrangements and oversees review of Board 
skills and succession planning activity
Group Audit Committee
Considers financial and non-financial disclosures 
and receives assurance regarding the robustness 
of controls supporting these disclosures
Group Performance and 
Remuneration Committee
Oversees link between climate strategy 
and remuneration
Group CEO — Joint SMF(2) accountability for identifying and managing financial risks from climate change, together with the Group Chief Risk Officer (Group CRO).
Executive team — joint accountability or delegated responsibility from the Group CEO for identifying and managing financial risks from climate change – Group CRO, Chief Financial Officer (Group CFO), Group Chief Information Officer 
(Group CIO), Group Chief People and Transformation Officer (Group CPTO), Director, Strategy, Corporate Development and Sustainability and the business CEOs.
Executive Risk Committee
Chaired by and supporting the Group CEO. Reviews and 
challenges all material risk exposures including operational, 
reputation and climate risk. 
Climate Change Executive Steering Group (CCESG)(3)
Chaired by the CEO, RBS International(4), supporting the SMFs 
and delegates. Responsible for delivery and implementation of 
strategic climate ambitions.
Executive Disclosure Committee
Chaired by and supporting the Group CFO, together with its 
ESG(5) Disclosure Steering Group, reviews all significant 
disclosures, including climate disclosures.
Group Reputational Risk Committee
Chaired by and supporting the Group CRO, considers the 
reputational impact of significant climate decisions, including 
risk appetite, policy and customer acceptance.
CEO-2/3 delegates (Climate Sponsors) — Nominated by their accountable executives, these franchise and functional representatives collaborate via the core groups listed below to support delivery  
of our climate ambitions, in addition to local, business-level governance arrangements as designed by them to support the Sponsors/ExCo members.
(1) For further information on NatWest Group’s corporate 
governance framework refer to the Corporate Governance 
section of the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts.
(2) Senior Manager Function holder (Group CEO and Group CRO)
Board Level governance
Executive governance
Business and Functional governance
Core Cross-Bank Working Groups
(3) For further details see section 2.3
(4) Previous Director, Strategy & Ventures who continues 
to chair the forum
(5) Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
(6) Relating to ring-fenced bank activity
(7) Relating to activity outside of the ring-fenced bank
(8) Relating to non ring-fenced bank activity
Climate governance model2.1
NatWest Group’s climate governance structure is detailed in the chart below(1). Further detail of the Board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities is set out in section 2.2 and management’s 
role in assessing and managing risks and opportunities is detailed in section 2.3.
(9) Climate Centre of Excellence
Retail Banking Climate 
Steering Group
Wealth Businesses Climate 
Change Steering Group
Commercial & Institutional RFB 
Climate Engagement Forum(6)
RBS International 
Environmental, Social and 
Governance Steering Group(7)
NatWest Markets Climate and 
Sustainability Committee 
Steering Group(8)
Own Operations Executive 
Steering Group
Climate Data Steering Group
Climate Risk Oversight Forum
Chaired by Risk — Supports Climate Risk’s oversight responsibilities. 
Measurement and Reporting Steering Group
Chaired by Finance and CCoE(9) — Coordinates development of the Climate 
transition plan.
Climate Opportunities Group
Chaired by Retail and Commercial & Institutional in partnership with CCoE 
— Responsible for scoping and monitoring of climate opportunities across 
five climate themes.
15NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
July
Considered an update on NatWest 
Group’s Climate transition plan.
Received a spotlight on Carbonplace.
December
Approved climate risk appetite 
measures and considered climate 
budgeting considerations as part of the 
overall 2023 Budget.
Considered final update on Climate 
transition plan for anticipated disclosure 
in 2023.
Determined the final performance 
assessment of the climate targets 
linked to the ED scorecard.
February
Approved:
 • 2021 Climate-related Disclosures Report and  
2021 ESG Supplement.
 • Submission of a Say on Climate resolution to shareholders 
at the 2022 AGM – see spotlight opposite.
 • Annual budget including consideration of carbon budget.
 • Executive Director (ED) bonus scorecard, including 
climate targets.
March
Approved the AGM Letter to Shareholders which included 
a statement supporting the Say on Climate resolution.
Approved the results of round two of the Bank of England’s 
Climate Biennial Exploratory Scenario (CBES) exercise.
April
Received an assessment of progress on embedding purpose 
and updates on each of the focus areas of enterprise, 
climate and learning.
In 2022, NatWest Group gave its shareholders 
a Say on Climate at its AGM. Through NatWest 
Group’s climate resolution, the Board asked 
shareholders to vote on our strategic direction 
on climate change, our intention to develop a 
Climate transition plan, and to publish annual 
progress reports.
In presenting the advisory resolution to 
shareholders, the Board intended to promote 
transparency about our climate ambitions and 
strategic direction and to obtain feedback to 
help shape the Climate transition plan. 
Constructive dialogue with shareholders and 
other stakeholders in the months preceding the 
AGM indicated support for a resolution.
92.58%(1)
of votes cast were in favour of 
the resolution
The resolution received a 92.58%(1) votes 
cast in favour of the resolution, indicating strong 
shareholder support for our climate strategy 
and reporting plans. We will continue to monitor 
market practice and industry guidance as part of 
our annual review.
The Board and management team are committed 
to ongoing engagement with our shareholders and 
stakeholders on our climate progress.
Board oversight2.2
In October 2022, the Board received its annual 
climate training session, led by the Director of 
the University of Edinburgh Centre for Business, 
Climate Change and Sustainability. The tailored 
session centred on specific themes including 
influencing strategy, institutional change and 
climate measurement.
Focused on creating space for discussion, 
reflection and debate, the training session 
introduced tools to help Board members 
consider their role and influence in shaping 
NatWest Group’s ambition to tackle climate 
change. The resulting discussions helped to 
give attendees a deeper understanding and 
fresh perspectives on key challenges 
such as sustainability integration and 
impact measurement.
In addition to Board education, we have 
continued to provide resources for our colleagues 
and customers. For further details of how climate 
education is helping to embed climate change 
awareness among colleagues, customers and 
communities, see section 3.5. Information on how 
education continues to enhance our approach to 
the identification, assessment and management 
of climate-related risks and opportunities can be 
found in section 4.3.
Building knowledge and 
understanding in the Boardroom 
and beyond
Giving our shareholders  
a Say on ClimateThe following pages set out how the NatWest Group plc Board (the Board) oversaw climate-related risks 
and opportunities during 2022. Further detail on the Board composition can be found on page 93 of the 
2022 Annual Report and Accounts.
The Board received updates from the Group CEO and other 
senior executives on climate-related risks and opportunities 
impacting NatWest Group, our customers and key 
stakeholders. A climate-related priority for the Board during 
2022 was overseeing the development of NatWest Group’s 
Climate transition plan. The Board received regular updates 
in July, October and December, which included a discussion 
of the key opportunities and challenges presented by the 
transition planning process and approval of climate risk 
appetite measures. Our external adviser, Lord Stern, 
provided his feedback on the Climate transition plan 
and how NatWest Group compared to peers.
A Board business insights pack, which includes a 
snapshot of NatWest Group’s progress against our 
climate ambition, was received in advance of every  
Board meeting. The Board also received regular updates 
through the Group CEO report, risk management report 
and business updates. Committee chairs also provided 
the Board with an overview of relevant discussions of 
climate issues at committee meetings.
A new operating rhythm for Board engagement and 
oversight of strategy included more frequent strategy 
sessions with management and interactive sessions 
informed by stakeholder views. Climate ambitions and 
supporting customers’ sustainability transitions were 
considered as part of the Board strategy sessions 
in March, June and October. In February 2023, 
the Board approved the initial iteration of our 
Climate transition plan included in this report. 
Progress will be tracked at executive and Board level.
Board considered climate-related matters at six of eight scheduled meetings during 2022
Key climate-related matters discussed and approved by Board during 2022 include: 
(1) Votes cast with regard to the Say on Climate resolution (whether for or against) represent 85.96% of NatWest Group’s Total 
Voting Rights.
16NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Group Board Risk 
Committee 
Group Sustainable Banking 
Committee
The Group Board Risk Committee (BRC) considered 
climate-related matters at all eight of its scheduled meetings 
in 2022
During 2022, climate risk reporting became increasingly embedded within 
franchise and functional risk reporting to BRC, following approval of the 
climate risk policy in December 2021. Risk management reporting is 
presented at each meeting and covers both top and emerging threats 
and principal risks. Climate considerations are captured across both 
dimensions. Discussion of climate risk during 2022 focused on regulatory 
submissions, evolution of the climate risk framework and its tools including 
climate data and analytics, and annual risk appetite recommendations.
The Group Sustainable Banking Committee (SBC) considered 
climate-related matters at all five of its scheduled meetings 
in 2022
The committee dedicated two meetings to overseeing progress towards 
our climate ambitions. In addition to the scheduled meeting focused on 
climate and broader environmental matters in April, the committee held 
an additional deep dive session on development of the initial iteration of 
our Climate transition plan in July. At this meeting the committee had a 
detailed discussion on methodologies and sector transition plans, including 
impact of climate-related risks and opportunities, as well as our policy 
influencing strategy given a dependency on clear and early government 
policy intervention.
The committee considered a purpose management information dashboard 
at every meeting which provided a snapshot of progress against key 
purpose metrics and targets. It also considered performance against 
climate-related executive targets and provided advice to the Group 
Performance and Remuneration Committee on the setting of future 
climate-related targets for remuneration purposes.
In April, the committee received an update on broader environmental 
policy and progress covering nature and biodiversity. In July, the 
committee’s terms of reference were broadened to incorporate 
environmental (including biodiversity, forests and water) oversight.
Key climate-related matters discussed by BRC during 2022 in 
addition to the risk management reports include:
Key climate-related matters discussed by SBC during 2022 in 
addition to the purpose dashboard include:
March
Reviewed and recommended round two of the CBES results to 
Board for approval.
October
Received climate risk spotlight highlighting progress during the 
year and regulatory feedback from CBES.
December
Recommended the climate risk appetite statement and measures 
to Board for approval as part of the annual review of risk appetite.
April
Discussed Climate transition plan progress, including the approach, 
operating model and the systematic organisational challenge to 
integrate carbon reporting. Welcomed representatives from an 
external asset management firm to share their views on NatWest 
Group’s climate and ESG progress and to help promote investor 
voices in the Boardroom.
July (ad hoc)
Dedicated session to discuss the Climate transition plan progress 
including draft sector plans and policy influencing strategy ahead 
of Board update.
December
Considered decarbonisation of the supply chain.
Board oversight continued
Group Audit Committee
The Group Audit Committee (GAC) considered climate-
related matters at three of its five scheduled meetings 
during 2022
GAC has remained focused on ensuring robust and appropriate controls to 
support the preparation of the Climate-related Disclosures Report and 
related to the climate, purpose and ESG(1) measures. The controls align 
with existing measures already in place in relation to financial disclosures.
February
Discussion and recommendation of the 2021 Climate-related 
Disclosures Report to Board. The committee received assurances 
regarding the review and support for financed emissions 
disclosure from the business and Internal Audit.
April
Discussion of draft standards released by the International 
Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) and proposed rules changes 
by the Securities and Exchange Commission potentially requiring 
audit of such disclosures.
December
Considered draft non-financial year-end disclosures, including the 
2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report and the 2022 ESG 
Disclosures Report.
Key climate-related matters discussed by GAC  
during 2022 include: 
(1) Environmental, Social and Governance
17NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Group Performance and  
Remuneration Committee 
The Group Performance and Remuneration Committee (RemCo) considered climate-related 
matters at five of seven scheduled meetings during 2022.
January
Discussed the 2022 climate measures and targets being proposed for the EDs.
February
Recommended the final ED bonus scorecard, including climate targets, to Board for approval, with 
disclosure made in the DRR that month.
July
Approved the proposed bonus scorecard structure, including climate measures, for Executive Committee 
members.
September
Discussed the H1 review of the Group CEO’s performance, including tracking against climate-related 
measures and targets.
December
Recommended the final performance assessment against the climate targets included in the ED bonus 
scorecard to Board for approval.
Board oversight continued
Incentivising climate change progress
Since 2020, we have included a climate goal and 
related measures in our ED performance goals. 
Climate progress is an integral part of the annual 
bonus scorecard introduced under our new ED 
Remuneration Policy. For 2022, 10% of potential 
annual bonus was based on performance against 
the following climate ambitions:
1. Maintaining 40% reduction in carbon emissions 
from our direct operations against 2019 
baseline;
2. Providing £17.5 billion of climate and sustainable 
funding and financing in 2022; and
3. Developing the first iteration of our Climate 
transition plan for publication with the 2022 
Annual Results.
In 2021, it was also agreed that the measures used 
to determine the bonus pool for the wider 
workforce would include our climate ambitions.  
This ensures that the work of colleagues in 
supporting the transition to a low carbon economy 
is being reflected in pay decisions.
For further detail see our Directors’ 
Remuneration Report on page 138 of the 
2022 Annual Report and Accounts.
Performance and remuneration
Group Nominations  
& Governance Committee
The Group Nominations & Governance 
Committee (N&G) considered Board and 
Board Committee succession at all of its 
four scheduled meetings during 2022.
This included consideration of Board composition to 
ensure that overall balance of skills, knowledge, 
experience and diversity on the Board is 
maintained. In particular, N&G recommended the 
appointment of Roisin Donnelly to the Board in 
2022. As part of this process N&G considered how 
her background in customer experience, digital 
transformation, and experience of developing ESG 
strategies at board level would strengthen Board 
skills and diversity. N&G also recommended the 
appointment of Stuart Lewis to the Board and he 
will join the Board in April 2023.
N&G also considered the composition of Principal 
Subsidiary boards and approved a number of 
appointments having regard to the overall balance 
of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity on 
those boards.
10%
of annual bonus for Executive Directors 
is based on performance against 
climate ambitions
RemCo’s focus is on setting and assessing the climate-related goals attached to ED pay. See opposite for the 
2022 climate measures and targets.
RemCo receives updates on how EDs are performing against their climate targets. The final assessment of 
performance against these targets is published in the Directors’ Remuneration Report (DRR) in February.
Key climate-related matters discussed and approved by RemCo during 2022 include:
18NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate accountabilities at executive 
and management level
Climate accountabilities for identifying and managing 
financial risks of climate change at management-level 
continue to be held jointly by the Group CEO 
and Group CRO. The executive-level committees 
and cross-bank working groups shown in section 2.1 
assist in discharging their responsibilities and support 
collaboration across the organisation. The Group CEO 
and Group CRO oversee all executive reporting to the 
Board and its committees on climate-related matters.
The Group CEO’s responsibility for strategic delivery is 
delegated to her executive team, notably the Group 
CFO, Group CIO, Group CPTO, Director, Strategy, 
Corporate Development and Sustainability and the 
business CEOs. Each has shared responsibility for 
strategic delivery relating to financial risks and 
opportunities that arise from climate change, 
ensuring NatWest Group identifies, measures, 
monitors, manages and reports on opportunities 
as well as exposure to risks.
The Group CRO is responsible for ensuring that the 
financial risks for climate change are reflected in risk 
management frameworks and – in line with our three 
lines of defence model – the Risk function provides 
effective, independent oversight of first line 
management activity. The Group CRO and his 
delegates are supported by the Climate Risk Oversight 
Forum, which serves as an important engagement 
and oversight mechanism.
One Bank approach to integrated business 
and functional governance
NatWest Group moved from a programme-led 
approach to climate change in 2021 to a framework 
embedded approach in 2022 within our existing 
accountability structure. Under our integrated 
governance structure, business areas are expected 
to ensure that climate considerations are built into 
day-to-day decision-making. See sections 3.6 and 
4.3 for examples of business areas embedding climate 
in decision-making. The accountable executives are 
empowered to take decisions within their areas of 
accountability and responsibility, with clear escalation 
and reporting routes in place to the Climate Change 
ESG. As our integrated governance model evolves, 
to support accountable executives, each business area 
has developed local governance forums to help them 
to support an adequate and integrated management 
response to our Climate transition plan, pursuit of 
strategic climate opportunities and the effective 
management of climate-related risks.
To drive a One Bank approach across all business 
areas, several cross-bank climate-related forums 
provide strategic insight and specific expertise, and 
have supported the development of the Climate 
transition plan. These forums are shown in section 2.1:
 • Climate Opportunities Group: facilitates the 
performance and growth across our five key 
climate themes (Clean Energy, Clean Transport, 
Clean Buildings, Green Finance, Carbon-Tracking 
and Behaviours);
 • Measurement and Reporting Steering Group: 
leads the coordination of NatWest Group’s Climate 
transition plan. It drives improvements in 
climate-related MI, reporting, data and architecture 
development, along with related control 
frameworks and operating model.
 • Climate Risk Oversight Forum: provides 
oversight of the implementation of risk frameworks 
and the effective management of climate-related 
risks.
 • Own Operations Executive Steering Group: 
responsible for developing and embedding NatWest 
Group’s Own Operations workstream and ensuring 
delivery of our climate purpose commitments and 
the 2025-2050 targets for our operational value 
chain.
 • Climate Data Steering Group: responsible for 
overseeing the safe and secure delivery of the 
Climate Data outcomes and programme of work.
The Climate Centre of Excellence continues to support 
delivery of our climate ambition, complementing 
capabilities across NatWest Group by providing 
thought leadership, delivering engagement and 
exploring opportunities for collaboration.
Management responsibilities2.3
The Group CEO and Group CRO are accountable for identifying and managing climate-related financial risks.  
Management are supported by several forums to monitor, implement and deliver their responsibilities for climate change and its associated impact.
1. Climate transition plan
CCESG is responsible for overseeing strategic progress against NatWest Group’s climate ambitions and 
supports the Group CEO and CRO and their respective delegates in taking a strategic One Bank approach to 
our climate ambition. Key sector spotlights (focused on heightened climate-related risk sectors) have helped to 
challenge and validate the processes used to identify the most material levers supporting the transition. These 
include identifying existing and potential products and services to support customer transition. The CCESG 
received regular updates on the status of the NatWest Group Climate transition plan, recommending follow-up 
actions as appropriate.
2. Partnerships and opportunities 
CCESG has encouraged further development of partnerships with the UK Government and NGOs as well as 
active industry participation to influence policy changes that will assist our customers to transition. CCESG 
also focuses on opportunities to support customer transition as part of its oversight of sector transition 
planning.
3. Supporting executive recommendations to the Board
Climate transition plan updates to Board and Board committees are overseen by CCESG prior to being 
presented to SBC and the Board. CCESG reviewed and recommended three updates to the Board in 
July, October and December 2022. CCESG also supported the Say on Climate resolution at this year’s AGM. 
4. Other areas of oversight
CCESG received periodic climate-related updates from across the business and functions, which enable 
CCESG to monitor climate-related risk management and provide challenges as appropriate. The updates 
include progress against our target to reduce our direct own operations emissions by 50% by 2025. Data has 
been discussed periodically at CCESG this year and has featured in risk updates. CCESG also has oversight of 
our target to provide an additional £100 billion in climate and sustainable funding and financing between 1 July 
2021 and the end of 2025.
5. Financial Planning
In addition to reviewing actual 2022 expenditure on building climate change capability against budget, 
CCESG also supported the finalisation of the investment allocated to support our customers’ transition 
in 2023-4. This includes centrally ring-fencing c.£60 million to support the development of climate-related 
opportunities and mitigation of climate-related risks during 2023. This is in addition to activity that is 
integrated into business-as-usual teams. 
As the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan continues to be refined and our climate strategy evolves, our 
management governance model will adapt to support accountabilities.
During 2022, the Climate Change Executive Steering Group (CCESG) 
focused on the following themes:
19NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Wealth Businesses governance  
supporting CEO, Wealth Businesses(2) Coutts Board(3)
Committees (4) Asset Management 
Risk Forum
Asset Management  
Investment Committee
Tactical Asset 
Allocation Forum 
Responsible Investing Forum
Responsibilities Provides oversight 
and management 
of business risk, 
including climate-
related risks.
Strategic investment 
decisions and decisions 
around the 
implementation of the 
Asset Management 
climate strategy and 
the monitoring of our 
investment process.
Approval of tactical 
investment 
opportunities in line 
with the climate 
strategy of Asset 
Management and 
NatWest Group.
Informs the Responsible 
Investing Team on 
ESG-related strategic 
priorities and supports 
the implementation of 
climate-related initiatives 
across Asset 
Management.
(1) Relevant NatWest Group climate governance forums shown. See section 2.1 for further details. Matters are escalated to NatWest Group climate 
governance as appropriate.
(2) Includes Wealth Businesses ExCo, Wealth Businesses Risk Committee and Wealth Businesses Climate Change Steering Group, which provide 
oversight and make recommendations to accountable individuals.
(3) Coutts Board is a decision-making forum.
(4) In 2022, climate was discussed across all committees on a monthly basis.
Asset Management governance2.4
Executive Disclosure 
Committee via ESG 
Disclosure Steering 
Group
Climate Change 
Executive Steering 
Group
Measurement and 
Reporting Steering 
Group
Asset Management Risk Forum
Asset Management climate governance
The investment products, overseen by the 
Coutts Asset Management team are included 
within our ambition to be net zero by 2050.
Execution of investment strategy falls under 
individual accountability within Coutts, but 
strategic climate decisions for assets under 
management (AuM) are subject to both Private 
Banking and NatWest Group governance. 
As the assessment and management of 
climate-related risk within investment products 
are complex, and at times differ from the 
broader NatWest Group, we have additional 
governance and oversight processes tailored 
to asset management.
Asset Management provides a range of globally 
diversified multi-asset funds and portfolios to 
Coutts, NatWest and RBS customers, including 
our Coutts Managed Funds and our Personal 
Portfolio Funds (PPF).
Coutts Board oversight
As a subsidiary of NatWest Bank plc, oversight 
of progress against climate ambitions in 
relation to Asset Management resides with 
Coutts’ Board.
The Wealth Businesses Risk Committee 
oversees the management of risk across 
Coutts, including climate-related risks. The 
Wealth Businesses Climate Change Steering 
Group (WCCSG), a sub-committee of the 
Wealth Businesses Risk Committee, oversees 
the development and delivery of the climate 
strategy. Quarterly purpose updates are 
provided to the Coutts Board as well as 
focused ad hoc updates to discuss 
developments material to Coutts strategy, 
such as the development of the initial iteration 
of NatWest Group’s Climate transition plan. 
When appropriate, the Coutts Board also 
undertakes climate-related education on 
relevant topics such as Climate transition plan 
framework developments. In 2022, the Coutts 
Board took part in three climate-focused 
training sessions.
Management of AuM
Climate-related risks and opportunities within 
our Asset Management Business are managed 
by the Investment Committee and the Asset 
Management Risk Forum. Relevant output from 
these meetings is presented to the WCCSG 
before progressing to the Wealth Businesses 
Risk Committee.
The Asset Management Investment Committee 
monitors and assesses risks and opportunities 
posed to our portfolios and funds, including 
those relating to climate change. As illustrated 
on the right, it is responsible for approving and 
reviewing the Asset Management Investment 
strategy and progress against our carbon 
reduction targets and net-zero ambition.
Our Responsible Investing Policy and 
Stewardship Policy, which are available 
on the Coutts website, set out our approach 
to integrating ESG risk into our investment 
decision-making process.
Further information
Further details of our AuM strategy and targets 
can be found in section 3.2.
Details on our AuM Risk Management approach 
can be found in section 4.3.
Private Banking is the Investment Centre of Excellence for NatWest Group, servicing all client 
segments across Retail, Premier & Private Banking. It provides private banking and wealth 
management services through the Coutts & Co (“Coutts”) brand, as well as investment 
products and services to help our customers achieve their financial goals at every stage 
of their lives. See diagram opposite, which illustrates key oversight and decision-making 
forums supporting Asset Management climate governance. NatWest 
Group climate 
governance(1)
Asset Management
Asset Management  
Investment Committee
Responsible  
Investing Forum
Tactical Asset 
Allocation Forum
20NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Strategy 
and Climate 
transition plan
The actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and 
opportunities on our businesses, strategy and financial planning, 
including the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan.
In this section
3.1 Our strategic approach
3.2 Climate transition plan: 
 • Supporting customer transition to net zero
 • Getting our own house in order
3.3 Climate transition plan: Explaining our climate ambition and 
SBTi targets
3.4 Climate transition plan: Sector interdependencies and 
systems thinking
3.5 Climate transition plan engagement:
 • Powerful partnerships and collaborations - Industry engagement
 • Colleague engagement
 • Government and policy engagement 
3.6 Climate transition plan: Embedding climate into decision-making
3.7 Climate transition plan: Our own operations
3
21NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
3.1
NatWest Group and climate change
Climate change is a global challenge which has 
significant implications for our customers, investors, 
partners, suppliers and colleagues. Our ambition to be 
a leading bank in the UK helping to address the 
climate challenge recognises that NatWest Group may 
contribute both directly and indirectly to the climate 
challenge.
Our ambition to at least halve the climate impact 
of our financing activity by 2030, against a 2019 
baseline, and align with the 2015 Paris Agreement, 
contributes to our net zero by 2050 ambition 
and reflects our purpose-led strategy.
As a primarily UK-focused bank, we have considered 
the majority of climate-related risks and opportunities 
influencing our strategy through a UK lens. Notable 
exceptions are included as part of this report, for 
example Asset Management.
Risks: the physical and transition risks associated with 
climate change are transmitted through the economy 
to NatWest Group. This transmission happens in a 
number of ways, including, but not limited to, impacts 
on NatWest Group’s key risks. 
See section 4.2 for further details of identified 
and potential climate-related risks.
Opportunities: include finding ways to support our 
customers in their transition journey, whether through 
the provision of funding and financing or through 
products and services to support their transition such 
as Green Mortgages. Refer to see section 3.2.
Time horizons(1): In identifying our climate-related 
risks and opportunities, we assessed the time period 
when each is likely to occur. Risks and opportunities 
deemed material to our five-year financial planning 
cycle are viewed as short-term. Aligned with SBTi’s 
guidance for financial institutions, long-term has been 
defined as beyond 15 years, while medium-term has 
therefore been defined as within the next 5-15 years. 
The initial iteration of our Climate transition plan 
encompasses both short-term and immediate 
medium-term horizons.
We included considerations of climate-related risks 
and opportunities in the initial iteration of our Climate 
transition plan, as highlighted in the pages that follow. 
Our strategic approach
Climate ambition
A leading bank in the 
UK helping to address 
the climate challenge
Climate opportunities:
Helping customers respond 
to climate change
At least halving the climate impact 
of our financing activity by 2030
Providing £100 billion climate and 
sustainable funding and financing 
between 1 July 2021 and the end of 
2025
Reducing emissions for our 
operational value chain by 50%, 
against a 2019 baseline
Climate change impacts:
Changes in productivity
Changes in asset value
Asset damage and disruption
Income loss
Changes in customer/investment 
behaviours
Risks to NatWest Group:
Credit risk (potential increase in impairments)
Operational risk (business disruption costs)
Reputational risk (damage arising from our 
response to climate-related risk)
Conduct risk and regulatory compliance risk 
(development of new products and services)
Climate-related risk factors:
Physical risks (acute and chronic)
Transition risks (policy and legal, technology, 
market, reputation)
Liability (litigation) risks
Time horizons used to classify climate-related 
opportunities and risks, aligned to our strategy(1)
Medium-termShort-term Long-term
5-15 years0-5 years 15+ years
(1) Our climate transition planning uses different time frames than those 
used in financial reporting. Accordingly, the references to “short”, 
“medium” and ”long term” in climate reporting are not indicative of the 
meaning of similar terms used in certain of our other disclosures, 
including our annual, periodic and interim reports. 
22NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate-related opportunities identified as having a potentially significant impact on NatWest Group are outlined 
in the table below. The opportunities listed below were mainly identified as part of our purpose-led strategy 
announced in February 2020. Since this initial announcement we have continued to refine and prioritise these 
opportunities, including via the development of the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan, which has 
enhanced our understanding of the relative role each opportunity could play in supporting the achievement of our 
2030 ambitions and our ambition to be net zero by 2050. Potential financial impacts have been included in line with 
time periods covered on the previous page, noting the timing reflects the full impact of the opportunity being 
realised and the significant dependencies that NatWest Group is reliant upon to achieve its ambitions. Further 
detail on how we are exploring potential opportunities to support our customers’ transition to net zero is 
available throughout section 3 of this report.
Opportunity Related NatWest Group ambition Expected time 
horizon
Potential financial impacts on NatWest Group Section
Supporting 
customer 
transition to  
net zero
We have a target to provide £100 billion climate and sustainable funding and financing  
between 1 July 2021 and the end of 2025. As part of this we aim to provide at least £10 billion 
in lending  for EPC A and B rated residential properties  between 1 January 2023 and the end 
of 2025.
Short  • Increase in volume of climate and sustainable funding and 
financing, on and off-balance sheet.
 • Increased balance sheet volumes through demand for new 
products and services that support customer transition.
 • Reduced balance sheet volumes related to energy 
inefficient homes.
 • Additional expenditure to develop new products and services.
 • Decrease in emissions due to customer transition.
 • 3.2
 • 3.4
 • 5.2
 • 5.3
We have an ambition to support our UK mortgage customers to increase their residential  
energy efficiency and incentivise purchasing of the most energy efficient homes, with an 
ambition that 50% of our UK mortgage portfolio has an EPC rating of C or above by 2030.
Short – Medium
Helping to end 
the most harmful 
activities
We plan to phase-out of coal for UK and non-UK customers who have UK coal production,  
coal-fired generation and coal-related infrastructure by 1 October 2024, with a full global  
phase-out by 1 January 2030.
We will only support upstream oil and gas companies where the majority of assets being financed 
are based in the UK (onshore or offshore UK Continental shelf) and where those companies 
report to us the overall emissions of operated assets by the end of 2023. We stopped lending and 
underwriting to major oil and gas producers unless they had a Credible Transition Plan aligned 
with the 2015 Paris Agreement in place by the end of 2021. 
Short – Medium  • Reduced exposure to coal customers.
 • Reduced exposure to upstream oil and gas and reduced 
geographical footprint of upstream oil and gas financing.
 • 3.2
 • 3.4
 • 5.1
Powerful 
partnerships and 
collaborations
We plan to collaborate cross industry and create products and services to enable customers  
to track their carbon impact.
Short – Medium – 
Long
 • Increased balance sheet volumes through demand for new 
products and services that support customer transition.
 • Additional expenditure to develop new products and services.
 • 3.2
 • 3.4
 • 3.5
Getting our own 
house in order
We have a target to reduce emissions from our direct own operations by 50% by 2025,  
against a 2019 baseline. 
Short  • Increased expenditure to support reduction in carbon  
footprint in our own operations.
 • Reduced expenditure related to energy, travel and water 
management.
 • 3.7
 • 5.4
We plan to use only renewable electricity in our direct own global operations by 2025  
(RE100) and improve our energy productivity 40% by 2025, against a 2015 baseline. 
Short
We plan to install electric vehicle charging infrastructure in 15% of large office spaces across our 
UK portfolio by 2025 and upgrade our fleet of c.100 vehicles to electric models by 2025 (EV100)
Short
We plan to reduce emissions for our operational value chain 50% by 2030, against a 2019 
baseline.
Medium
Climate-related opportunities
For details on identified climate-related risks and potential risks, see sections 4.2 and 4.2a
23NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Supporting customer 
transition to net zero
Potential Opportunity Customer segment Progress in 2022 Impact in 2022
Product propositions Personal Building on our existing Retail Banking Green Mortgage products, which incentivise customers purchasing, porting or 
re-mortgaging a property with an EPC rating of A or B, in December 2022 we launched our Home Energy Plan portal. 
Publicly available and free to use, it provides users with advice on how to make a residential property more energy efficient 
and provides customised suggestions to help a home reach its full energy performance potential. 
£2.2 billion Retail Banking Green Mortgages 
completed in 2022. This represented 5.3% of 
total Retail Banking mortgage completions during 
the year. 
Private Building on existing Coutts mortgage products that offer discounted arrangement fees for purchasing a more energy 
efficient home (EPC rating of A or B) or for making improvements to improve energy efficiency (EPC rating C and above) 
Coutts launched a pilot for its Greener Homes Service. Providing bespoke advice to help participating customers overcome 
the barriers to retrofitting, the service includes a free energy performance assessment, details of retrofit costs and benefits, 
and the option to implement recommended measures through a pre-vetted supply chain.
30 customers are participating in the initial pilot of 
the Greener Homes Service, with further 
enhancement planned. In 2022, Coutts completed 
£241 million in mortgages for properties rated 
EPC A or B. 
Commercial & 
Institutional 
During 2022 we provided £5.3 billion in Sustainability Linked Loans (SLLs) that met our climate and sustainable funding and 
finance inclusion (CSFFI) criteria. SLLs offer customers a financial benefit when material and predetermined sustainability 
performance targets have been met.
Green and Sustainability public bonds, including Sustainability Linked Bonds (SLBs), as well as Green and Sustainability 
private placements, continued to make up a sizeable portion of our climate and sustainable funding and financing progress 
in 2022, contributing £10.7 billion.
Total Commercial & Institutional SLL lending of 
£5.3 billion included. £1.3 billion from NatWest 
Markets and £1.0 billion from RBS International.
RBS International won the Real Deals ESG Lender 
2022 award, recognising positive impact delivered 
through ESG transactions across private equity. 
Carbon tracking tools 
and functionality
Personal We released a number of enhancements to our carbon tracking tool for personal customers, developed in collaboration 
with Cogo, to allow customers to see a rolling monthly view of their carbon footprint and commit to quantifiable actions 
which give them personalised carbon savings.
As at 31 December 2022 more than 330,000 
visitors had accessed carbon tracking features on 
our mobile banking app.
Commercial & 
Institutional
Launched the NatWest Group Carbon Planner in Q3 2022, a free-to-use digital platform designed to help UK businesses 
identify potential cost and carbon savings.
Following a successful pilot with SME customers from the manufacturing and automotive sectors in February 2022, we 
extended our Cogo carbon tracking collaboration to support SME customers in May 2022. Insights from that pilot were 
used to enhance SME support available through our Carbon Planner solution. 
Carbon Planner surfaces personalised 
recommendations from more than 40 actions, 
which UK businesses can take to reduce their 
carbon footprint and potentially operating costs. 
Actions range from improving insulation and 
packaging return programmes to electric vehicle 
adoption and generating energy from waste.
Delivering sustainable 
asset finance
Commercial 
Mid-market
Lombard continued to help accelerate the decarbonisation of transport by providing asset finance to support customer 
investment in low and zero emission green transport assets, including via the Lombard Vehicle Solutions offering. Asset 
finance products can support customers accelerate their transition by investing in cleaner assets, while also enabling them 
to preserve valuable cash reserves and working capital facilities. 
In 2022, Lombard provided £1.1 billion funding for 
green transport assets (EVs and hybrid), to 
support transport decarbonisation. 
Tailored start-up 
support
Business Banking The NatWest Accelerator programme, our network of 14 UK hubs, provides growing enterprises with access to tailored 
business coaching through a dedicated Acceleration Manager, as well as co-working space and events. Those whose main 
product/service is based on sustainability, circular economy or supporting a net-zero transition are classified as climate-led.
In 2022, we supported 502 climate and 
purpose-led businesses, across two cohorts, with 
six-month-long business accelerator support. 
Central to achieving sustainable growth is our ability to support our customers in their transition towards net zero. 
Throughout 2022, we continued to embrace innovation, harnessing technology to better support customers 
through carbon tracking solutions, giving individuals and business the insights needed to make informed decisions 
about their own transition.
We announced tailored support packages for customers, including a range of measures to help UK farming  
businesses manage unprecedented cost challenges affecting carbon-intensive inputs (e.g. fuel, feed and fertiliser 
costs). Colleagues in Retail Banking took part in climate-focused huddles across our branch network in September, 
with the aim of embedding climate considerations in our day-to-day conversations with customers. We also gave 
customers access to climate and sustainability-focused educational resources, such as our Climate Change Hub, 
containing energy efficiency tips, as well as thought leadership publications such as Climate Matters, which 
examined the importance of climate finance and public-private partnerships in delivering the transition to net zero.
3.2
24NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Supporting customer transition to net zero continued
We continue to facilitate access to the necessary finance, advice and expertise needed to support customers with their own transition towards net zero and help to reduce emissions in the real economy. Our target to provide an 
additional £100 billion climate and sustainable funding and financing between 1 July 2021 and the end of 2025 supports our ambition to at least halve the climate impact of our financing activity by 2030.
Potential Opportunity Customer segment Progress in 2022 Impact in 2022
Environment, Social 
and Governance (ESG) 
product growth and 
innovation
Capital Markets NatWest Markets maintained its position as a leading bookrunner for green, social, 
sustainability and sustainability-linked (GSS/S) bonds in our chosen geographies and markets, 
providing expert advice on the execution of Climate and ESG capital markets issuance. 
In 2022, NatWest Markets lead managed or placed 52 green bonds and 
private placements totalling a notional amount of £41.6 billion, accounting for 
20% of the total lead managed or placed transactions by NatWest Markets 
during the period.
NatWest Markets continued to grow its Climate and ESG Capital Markets business. The 
business continued to innovate, structure and originate ESG product solutions to help our 
customers meet their transition and broader sustainability goals. These included the 
development of bespoke advisory services and content to help customers navigate ESG 
expectations from rating agencies, regulators and other stakeholders. Mid-sized corporate 
engagement was strengthened through greater focus on their ESG assets that can be 
brought to the private placement market, while we also developed a deeper understanding of 
the emerging ESG needs of public sector customers, in particular in the UK and Europe.
Instruments included: three ESG-linked repos (with total commitment of  
£27.6 million) and two ESG-linked FX transactions. We also continued to act as 
dealers for six ESG-labelled commercial paper programmes, and helped set up 
one new programme in this asset class in 2022, as well as a notional amount of 
£295 million in ESG deposits, as part of the NatWest Markets Short Term ESG 
Product Framework (as at 31 December 2022).
In June NatWest Markets won the Most Impressive Investment Bank for Corporate Green 
and ESG-Linked Bonds in the 2022 GlobalCapital Bond Awards. This award recognises those 
helping customers apply ESG considerations to their treasury and financial products.
In total, NatWest Markets won four industry awards in 2022, recognising 
innovation in ESG across both transaction and advisory activities.
Greater transparency 
across Assets under 
Management (AuM)
Asset Management In May 2022, we announced our interim strategy to achieve net zero emissions across our 
AuM. This included defining the percentage of our AuM we consider in-scope for net-zero 
alignment, as well as a short- and a medium-term ambition to increase the percentage of 
in-scope AuM we consider to be on a net-zero trajectory: 50% aligned to a net-zero 
trajectory by 2025, increasing to 70% by 2030.(1)
89% of AuM are considered in-scope to be managed in line with net zero. This 
includes all core managed funds and discretionary portfolios, which includes our 
Personal Portfolio Funds (PPF), Coutts Managed Fund (CMAF) range and our 
discretionary (non-bespoke) portfolios.
All customers invested in our core managed funds and discretionary portfolios now have a 
minimum amount of their wealth invested in funds that are on a net-zero trajectory. For 
customers invested through Coutts Invest, NatWest Invest and Royal Bank Invest this is at 
least 50% of the assets by value in our PPF range. For customers invested in our CMAF 
range and discretionary portfolios this is at least 20%. 
As at 31 December 2022 £6.5 billion of total AuM is invested in funds that 
are on a net-zero trajectory and are decarbonising at an average rate of 7% 
per annum(2). 
Using our 
shareholder voice
Asset Management Throughout 2022, we helped to influence change towards the creation of long-term value for 
our customers through our voting and engagement activity with the companies held within 
our in-scope AuM.
In 2022, we voted on 12,013 resolutions and engaged with more than 267 
companies on ESG topics. Approximately 25% of engagements focused on 
climate-related topics such as net-zero targets and disclosures. 
(1) For more information about our interim targets, please see pages 38 to 39 of the Net Zero Asset Managers Initiative’s Initial Target Disclosure Report (May 2022). Also refer to Cautionary Note on Climate Data, section 5.7.
(2) Decarbonisation is based on carbon intensity, which is measured as tons of Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon emissions per US$1 million of sales.
25NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Getting our own house 
in order
Potential Opportunity Progress in 2022 Impact in 2022
Harnessing our purpose 
to maximise impact
In 2022, NatWest Group asked shareholders to support our strategic direction on climate change through a Say on Climate 
resolution at our Annual General Meeting. 
92.58% of votes cast were in favour of the Say on Climate resolution, 
indicating strong shareholder support for our climate strategy and 
reporting plans.
Coutts published its first B Corp Impact Report in July 2022, one year after receiving B Corp certification. The report details how Coutts has used its B Corp accreditation 
to have a positive impact on society and the environment since 
July 2021.
NatWest Group Green, 
Social and Sustainable 
(GSS) bond issuance
Our Green, Social and Sustainability Financing Framework (the ‘GSS Framework’), has been in place since November 2019, 
with updates in 2020 and 2022. The framework incorporates a wide range of eligible loans to support specified use of 
proceeds bonds likely to have a positive environmental and/or social impact.
To date, we have issued three green bonds totalling approximately £2 billion equivalent under our GSS Framework 
supporting our ambition to finance more renewable energy projects and provide mortgage funding for energy efficient homes.
Green and social issuance represented approximately 24% of NatWest 
Group’s senior unsecured funding in 2022, demonstrating ongoing 
contribution to the growth of GSS bonds and diversification of our 
investor base. Refer to the NatWest Group plc 2021 Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bonds Allocation and Impact Report for further details. 
Our own resource use 
– (for further detail refer 
to section 5.4)
Throughout 2022, NatWest Group continued to roll out debit and credit cards manufactured using recycled PVC (rPVC). 
Each card represents a 36% reduction in CO2 emissions over traditional plastic cards. Initially launched in 2021 through 
Retail Banking, our Commercial & Institutional business began to roll out rPVC replacement debit cards from 
February 2022, with Commercial & Institutional credit cards from November 2022. 
As at 31 December 2022, over 15.8 million replacement rPVC cards 
had been issued to our retail and corporate customers, representing 
95.4% of all cards issued by NatWest Group.
In Q2 2022 we launched our new sustainable colleague uniforms across our branch network, featuring garments made from 
recycled materials. We also replaced our plastic name badges with a more sustainable option made from bamboo. 
In 2022, we issued more than 142,000 uniform garments using 
recycled materials and issued nearly 19,000 bamboo name badges, 
with each badge saving 5g of plastic. 
We teamed up with Reborn to deliver our first Reverse Vending Machines in 2022. The machines are capable of recycling 
plastic cards (payment and non-payment), offering a secure way for consumers to begin recycling the estimated 65 million 
unused plastic cards still in circulation, as well as card readers and plastic bottles. Following a successful trial with two 
machines at our London and Edinburgh offices, four additional machines were installed for public use in early 2023, located 
near London’s busiest transport hubs and largest hospitals.
Our 2022 pilot recycled more than 28,000 cards received via return 
mail, with material re-purposed into more than 3,000 hats and pairs of 
socks. More than 400 of these garments were donated to our charity 
partner Social Bite in December, to support homeless and vulnerable 
communities.
Colleague support 
towards EV adoption
In February 2022 NatWest launched a tool to support colleagues in making an informed decision around their ability to switch 
to an electric vehicle. The EV8 Switch app uses real driving information to provide colleagues with insights around their 
suitability to switch to an EV, along with details of potential CO2 and cost savings of doing so.
As at 31 December 2022, 1,149 colleagues. had created EV8 
Switch accounts. 
Bespoke training for 
Capital Markets
In November 2022, NatWest Markets colleagues received training on greenwashing risk, covering recent UK regulatory 
developments, and provided an overview of mis-selling, litigation risk, reputational risk, impacts and mitigants. 
Training was delivered to over 850 NatWest Markets colleagues via 
a webinar.
(1) Votes cast with regard to such resolution (whether for or against) as a percentage of NatWest Group’s total voting rights was 85.96%.
We have made significant progress in turning our climate ambition into action since setting out our climate strategy 
in 2020. As we support our customer transition we are also working towards getting our own house in order, 
whether reducing our direct own operational emissions and broader activity, equipping colleagues with the skills 
and knowledge needed to help address the climate challenge or reflecting our purpose in how we influence change 
and promote a more sustainable real economy. From broad strategic initiatives to highly focused, practical solutions 
designed to support a more circular economy, we continue to review and challenge the way we work.
For further detail on our target to reduce emissions from our direct own operations by 50% by 2025, against a 
2019 baseline, refer to section 5.4.
26NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Financed emissions Assets under Management Our Own Operations
Sectoral decarbonisation targets:  
Lending
Temperature alignment target:  
Lending and investment
Portfolio alignment and carbon intensity 
targets
Own operational value chain
Science-based SBTi validated sectoral decarbonisation 
targets cover:
 • Electricity generation, residential mortgages, 
commercial real estate, land transport, automotive 
manufacturing, cement, aluminium and iron 
and steel.
 • These sectors comprised 59% of the lending book at 
31 December 2019. 
 • See section 5.5 for SBTi targets for in scope sectors.
Science-based SBTi validated temperature rating 
targets covers:
 • Oil and gas (Scope 1, 2 and 3), and other sectors 
including aviation, shipping and agriculture.
 • These sectors comprised 20% of the lending book at 
31 December 2019. In addition, Listed equity, 
Corporate bonds and Private equity portfolio 
comprising 57% of the investment book, excluding 
sovereign debt securities, were included in the 
temperature alignment target.
 • SBTi target: Align scope 1, 2 and 3 portfolio 
temperature score, by loan or invested value, from 
3.2 °C in 2019 to 2.3°C in 2030.
NatWest Group ambitions:
 • Portfolio alignment to net zero: align 50% of 
in-scope AuM to a net-zero trajectory by 2025.
 • Portfolio alignment to net zero: align 70% of 
in-scope AuM to a net-zero trajectory by 2030.
 • Carbon intensity: Reduce the carbon intensity 
of our equity and corporate fixed income holdings 
by 50% by 2030, compared to a 2019 baseline.
SBTi targets:
 • Scope 1 and 2: A reduction in absolute Scope 1 
and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 50% by 2030 
from a 2019 base year.
 • Increase annual sourcing of renewable electricity 
from 69% in 2019 to 100% by 2025.
 • Scope 3 category 1-14: A reduction in absolute 
Scope 3 GHG emissions from categories 1-14 
by 50% by 2030 from a 2019 base year.
Methodology
SBTi targets methodology:
 • Where methodologies exist, we have used SBTi’s 
Sectoral Decarbonisation Approach (SDA) to set 
targets for our lending book.
 • Targets reflect the reduction in the physical 
emissions intensity for each sector aligned with an 
external pathway. We have used the Committee for 
Climate Change BNZ Pathways as well as 
International Energy Agency’s Beyond 2°C World 
Scenario (B2DS) pathway aligned with SBTi 
guidance to estimate these targets.
 • See sections 5.5 and 5.7 for details of scenarios 
used, methodologies and limitations.
SBTi targets methodology:
 • We have used the SBTi Temperature Rating 
Methodology to assess temperature rating targets. 
Where available, we used GHG emissions reduction 
targets disclosed by customers through CDP to 
calculate temperature scores for each customer. 
Customers who did not have externally disclosed 
targets through CDP were assigned a default 
score of 3.2°C.
 • Customer temperature scores were aggregated 
to calculate a NatWest Group temperature rating 
by using the weighted average temperature score 
(WATS) methodology, which weights customer 
targets based on their proportion in a portfolio.
 • See section 5.5 and 5.7 for details of scenarios used, 
methodologies and limitations for lending and page 
45 for further detail on Financial Institutions. 
Portfolio alignment methodology:
 • Portfolio alignment targets measure the 
percentage of fund managers setting and achieving 
net-zero targets.
 • The assessment combines qualitative and 
quantitative measures of the credibility of funds’ 
and companies’ net-zero strategy  and targets. We 
consider forward-looking targets as well as 
progress against targets, which forms the basis of 
net zero engagement with funds
 • By selecting funds that demonstrate progress 
against credible net-zero strategies and targets we 
are more likely to gain exposure to underlying 
companies that are decarbonising.
Carbon intensity methodology:
 • See section 1.3 and page 45 for further details. 
SBTi targets methodology:
 • Target alignment has been calculated using 
quantitative indicators, and reviewed regularly 
for credibility and impact.
 • Our operational value chain excludes processing 
of our sold goods, as our products are not 
manufactured. Included within our reporting 
is emissions from assets we lease and occupy, 
as well as franchise emissions.
 • See section 3.7 and 5.4 for further details. 
Climate transition plan: Explaining our 
climate ambition and SBTi targets
Our ambition to be net zero by 2050 across our finance emissions, assets under management and operational 
value chain is supported by our 2030 ambitions noted in the table below. Aligned with our ambition to set 
sector-specific targets, during 2022 we published 2030 targets validated by the SBTi as science-based. These 
targets included our own operational emissions as well as 79% of our 2019 lending book. SBTi targets have been 
set based on a number of methodologies, external scenarios, pathways and assumptions that vary by sector. 
Please refer to sections 5.4 and 5.5 for details of these. We have dependencies on timely and appropriate 
government policies and other external factors such as customer behaviour changes and technology 
developments. Refer to section 3.4 for details of key policies. The table below explains our carbon emission 
reduction ambitions and validated science-based SBTi targets:
3.3
NatWest Group ambition: Net zero by 2050
2030 ambitions
27NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Approach 
The initial iteration of our Climate transition plan focuses on the delivery of our 2030 
decarbonisation ambitions. This will form the basis for further work on our journey to net zero by 
2050 across our financed emissions, AuM and our operational value chain. We have used available 
guidance, including GFANZ, Transition Planning Taskforce and TCFD recommendations, to inform 
the development of our transition plan.
During 2022, we focused on developing transition plans at a sector level, aligned with our work on estimation of 
carbon emissions and emissions intensities. This activity prioritised sectors with high emissions and emission 
intensities, balance sheet materiality as well as those sectors for which we have set validated science-based 
targets. Overall, we have set transition plans for 72% of our lending book as at December 2019. To develop 
transition plans for financing activity, we considered the following:
Business operations, products and services
 • Supporting our customers’ transition is a key driver in the development and delivery of our transition plans. 
We have worked with the business teams within each sector to identify products, services and business 
operation changes that can be made available to support customer transition.
 • Where possible, we have performed this analysis at a subsector level to ensure actions most relevant to 
customers within these segments are identified and recorded within the transition plan.
Financial planning
 • We have started to align the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan with our financial plan. 
This helps ensure that climate strategy and its execution are built into the financial plan, including regular 
monitoring and review.
 • We will continue to develop this alignment during 2023 as part of the evolution of our Climate transition plan.
Sensitivity analysis including dependence on government policies
 • NatWest Group’s initial climate transition plan has been developed with reference to the UK’s statutory 
commitment to reducing greenhouse gas emissions to net zero target by 2050.
 • NatWest Group and our customers are dependent on the UK Government to deliver credible, consistent and 
secure policies capable of delivering the UK’s 2050 net zero target. The UK CCC’s 2022 Progress Report 
highlights the UK’s own commitment to deliver a 78% reduction in emissions by 2035, based on 1990 levels.
 • To assess climate impacts of policies within the initial iteration of our transition plans, we have used the UK 
CCC Beyond Net Zero (BNZ) scenario, aligned with the UK’s sixth carbon budget, as a starting point. In 
addition, we have used the credibility ratings for sectoral policies provided by the UK CCC 2022 Progress 
Report to the Parliament (UK CCC 2022 Progress Report) to develop a BNZ adjusted pathway to reflect 
estimated time delays based on credibility ratings as follows
 • Credible Policies: estimated 0 years of delayed adjustment to the BNZ pathway for the associated policy 
e.g. policies for zero emissions vehicles mandate and renewable electricity supply.
 • Policies with some or significant risk: estimated 3 and 5 years of delay respectively for the associated 
policy
 • Policies with insufficient plans: estimated 10 years of delay for the associated policy.
 • In cases where the UK CCC 2022 Progress Report has provided commentary on policies without providing a 
credibility rating, we have not adjusted the BNZ pathway for our analysis.
Sections 3, 5.4 and 5.5 include details of the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan. While we have developed 
these plans on a sector basis, these are presented aggregated as systems to demonstrate the inter-linkages 
between sectors. Refer to section 3.4 for further details of our systems thinking approach. Refer to section 5.5 for 
further details on sector level estimates of financed absolute emissions and emissions intensities including progress 
made against pathways for each sector.
Relevant limitations associated with the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan and associated metrics are 
included in sections 5.4, 5.5, 5.7 and the “Risk Factors” included within the NatWest Group plc Annual Report and 
Accounts. Transition-related Risks are outlined in section 4.2 of this report.
The initial iteration of our Climate transition plan has confirmed that further action is required by NatWest Group 
and its customers to meet our ambition and decarbonisation plans. It is also clear that support from timely and 
appropriate government policies will be required to create incentives for transition and customer behaviour 
changes. This is aligned with the Mission Zero: Independent Review of Net Zero Report published by Rt Hon Chris 
Skidmore MP in January 2023:
‘Evidence provided to the review has shown that the Net 
Zero Strategy and other recent government publications 
have not provided adequate certainty to business and 
investors. Clearer plans, focused on individual sectors, set 
out over the long-term, and communicated clearly to the 
public, are important to ensure buy-in and providing a stable 
investment environment.’
Mission Zero: Independent Review of Net Zero Report, January 2023
The initial iteration of our Climate transition plan has been informed by the Transition Planning Taskforce (TPT) 
summary recommendations. The table below provides an index to relevant climate transition plan content included 
within this report:
Element Section
1.  Foundation including approach and linkage to strategy 1.1, 1.2, 1.4, 3.1 3.3, 3.4, 3.7, 4.1, 5.4, 5.5. 
2.  Implementation strategy including financial planning, 
products, services and business models and external 
dependencies
2.3, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 3.7, 4.1, 4.2, 4.2a, 
4.3, 5.4, 5.5
3.  Engagement strategy including Industry and government, 
and colleagues
3.2, 3.4, 3.5, 3.7, 
4.  Metrics and Targets including GHG emissions metrics and 
targets, financial and business metrics
1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 3.3, 3.4, 3.7, 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 
5,5, 5.6, 5.7
5.  Governance including Board oversight, roles and 
responsibilities, incentives and remuneration, and training
2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 3.5, 4.3
28NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Outcome
Aligned with our purpose-led strategy and through our work on the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan, 
we have developed a consolidated view of the current products and services suite offered to customers, across the 
sectors analysed, and their potential forward-looking impact on our estimated financed emissions We have also 
worked on identifying future opportunities and business model changes that are likely to be required to further 
support the transition, some of which were recently announced in February 2023, including:
 • Partnering with Places or People, British Gas Centrica and Schneider Electric – coordinated by Pineapple 
Sustainable Partnerships – to work together on a pilot project to show that retrofitting homes at scale can be 
an achievable and affordable goal.
 • Our aim to provide at least £10 billion in lending for EPC A and B rated residential properties between 
1 January 2023 and the end of 2025 as part of our existing target to provide £100 billion climate and 
sustainable funding and financing between 1 July 2021 and the end of 2025.
 • From February 2023 we will not provide reserve based lending specifically for the purpose of financing oil and 
gas exploration, extraction and production for new customers, and, after the 31 December 2025 we will not 
renew, refinance or extend existing reserve based lending specifically for the purpose of financing oil and 
gas exploration, extraction and production.
The transition to net zero provides us with opportunities to go further in supporting our customers. The Mission 
Zero: Independent Review of Net Zero Report, published in January 2023, details various opportunities available to 
the UK to support the transition. 
As a purpose-led organisation, we aim to continue to work with our customers and partners to develop products, 
services and partnerships to support the transition to net zero for us, our customers and the UK.
However, we and our customers have a dependency on timely and appropriate government policies to 
provide the necessary impetus for technology development and customer behaviour changes to enable the 
UK’s successful transition to net zero. We have used the UK CCC’s sixth carbon budget to assess the impacts 
of, and the extent of the dependency on, government policies within the initial iteration of our climate transition 
plan. The UK CCC’s Progress in reducing emissions: 2022 Report to Parliament noted significant risks and currently 
insufficient plans in the Buildings and, Agriculture and Land Use, sectors and some risks for other key sectors. We 
have factored these risks into our transition plan and plan to continue our proactive work on policy engagement 
with government. Refer to Page 49 for our approach to UK Government policy engagement. These policy risks, if 
not adequately addressed in a timely manner, put at risk the UK’s net zero transition and in turn that of our 
customers and ultimately our own.
The table below includes the following for each sector analysed within the initial iteration of the climate transition 
plan as at 31 December 2021 (i) estimated absolute emissions (ii) estimated physical emissions intensities (iii) 
Estimated physical emissions intensity based on convergence points aligned to external scenarios and (iv) 
comparison of expected and latest estimated physical emissions intensities.
Refer to section 3.4. 3.5, 5.5 and 5.7 for further details.
2021
System Sector Scope 1 and 2 (MtCO2e) Scope 3 (MtCO2e) Physical emissions intensity(1) Convergence point Difference %(2) RAG
Property
Residential mortgages  3.1  – 37.8 kgCO2e/m2 35 kgCO2e/m2 7%
Commercial real estate  0.3  – 56.6 kgCO2e/m2 53.6 kgCO2e/m2 5%
Construction  0.6  – 43.4 tCO2e/£m 37.3 tCO2e/£m 14%
Mobility
Automotive manufacturing   0.5 250.0 gCO2e/v-km 243 gCO2e/v-km 3%
Land transport and logistics    
Of which freight road  0.1  0.2 45.9 gCO2e/t-km 35.5 gCO2e/t-km 23%
Of which passenger rail  0.2  0.1 59.4 gCO2e/p-km 46.8 gCO2e/p-km 21%
Of which passenger road  0.2  0.2 86.9 gCO2e/p-km 61.2 gCO2e/p-km 29%
Energy
Electricity generation  0.5  – 116.7 kgCO2e/MWh 174 kgCO2e/MWh (49)%
Oil and gas  0.9  0.2 2.4 tCO2e/TJ 2.4 tCO2e/TJ –
Food
Agriculture    
Of which Primary farming 3.9  – 2,111 tCO2e/£m 2,101 tCO2e/£m 0.47%
2021 NatWest Group estimate – RAG status   Under or equal to the 
convergence pathway
  Above convergence  
pathway by up to 5%
  Above convergence  
pathway by more than 5%
(1) Refer to page 89 for further detail on physical emissions intensity metrics used to estimate reduction 
required by 2030. 
(2) Reflects the percentage difference between 2021 physical emissions intensity estimate and the 2021 
convergence point.
 29NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Commercial real estate
Climate transition plan: Outcome continued
Our ambition to be net zero by 2050 is aligned with the 1.5°C temperature stabilisation objective of the 2015 Paris Agreement. The charts below present the 
pathways aligned to externally recognised scenarios, developed by independent and respected organisations, that form the basis of our sector targets validated by 
the SBTi as science-based. Refer to section 5.5 and 5.7 for details on scenarios used, methodologies and limitations. Also included is the progress made against these 
pathways between 2019 and 2021.
Property
Food 
Energy Mobility 
Automotive manufacturing Electricity generation
Agriculture – Primary farming
Residential mortgages
Estimated emissions intensity (kgCO2e/m 2)
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
2019 2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
Convergence 
Pathway
IEA ETP B2DS 
(World) Pathway
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
 IEA ETP B2DS (World) Pathway
Land transport – Freight road
Estimated emissions intensity (gCO2e/t-km)
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
2019 20252021 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
Convergence 
Pathway
IEA ETP B2DS 
World Freight Road
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
 IEA ETP B2DS World Freight Road
Oil and gas
Estimated production intensity (tCO2e/TJ)
0
1
2
3
4
5
2019 2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
CCC UK 
BNZ Pathway
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
Convergence 
Pathway
 CCC UK BNZ Pathway
Estimated revenue intensity (tCO2e/£million)
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
2,500
2019 2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
CCC UK 
BNZ Pathway
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
Convergence 
Pathway
 CCC UK BNZ Pathway
Estimated emissions intensity (gCO2e/vkm)
0.00
0.05
0.10
0.15
0.20
0.25
0.30
2019 2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
Convergence 
Pathway
CCC UK 
BNZ Pathway
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
 IEA ETP B2DS (World)
Estimated emissions intensity (kgCO2e/MWH)
0
50
100
150
200
250
2019 2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
Convergence 
Pathway
CCC UK 
BNZ Pathway
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
 CCC UK BNZ Pathway
Estimated physical intensity (kgCO2e/m 2)
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
2019 2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
Convergence 
Pathway
CCC UK 
BNZ Pathway
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
 CCC UK BNZ Pathway
  2030 SBTi  
validated target
  
Convergence pathway  2019 - 2020 NatWest 
Group estimates
  2050 convergence 
point
2021 NatWest Group estimate - RAG status
Key
See page 82 further details
See page 82 for further details
Land transport – Passenger road
Estimate emissions intensity (gCO2e/p-km)
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
2019 2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
Convergence 
Pathway
EA ETP B2DS 
World Passenger Road
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
 IEA ETP B2DS World 
Passenger Road
See page 84 for further details
See page 87 for further details
See page 83 for further details
See page 84 for further details
Land transport – Passenger rail 
Estimated emissions intensity (gCO2e/p-km)
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
2019 2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
Convergence 
Pathway
IEA ETP B2DS 
World Passenger Rail
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
 IEA ETP B2DS World Passenger Rail
See page 84 for further details See page 85 for further details
See page 86 for further details
  Under or equal to the 
convergence pathway
  Above convergence 
pathway by up to 5%
  Above convergence pathway 
by more than 5%
30NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Linkage with our 
financial plan
An important part of our work in developing the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan was to link the transition plan with our financial plans. 
We used sector level financial forecasts, incorporated 
within our financial plan, to estimate forward-looking 
absolute emissions and emissions intensity impacts to 
2030. Where differences in operations within a sector can 
result in a different emissions profile, we have used 
subsector level financial forecasts e.g. within the land 
transport sector, forecasts for road, rail and passenger 
transport were separately assessed.
A Finance working group was set up with representatives 
from financial planning, climate and business finance 
teams to ensure linkage between the initial iteration of 
our Climate transition plan and the financial plan. Climate 
metrics and initial Climate transition plan outcomes were 
also incorporated in the financial planning governance 
and approval process.
We will continue to enhance the linkage between 
our Climate transition plan and the financial plan 
during 2023.
As outlined in the Mission Zero, Independent Review of 
Net Zero Report by Rt Hon Chris Skidmore MP, 
published in January 2023, “Net Zero is the growth 
opportunity of the 21st century and “the UK must act 
decisively to seek the economic opportunities and smooth 
the transition”. The report also outlines how net zero will 
drive widespread changes to the global economy 
including how we heat our homes, generate electricity, 
travel and produce food. Aligned with this, and our 
ambition to be a leading bank in the UK to help address 
the climate challenge, work to develop the initial iteration 
of our climate transition plan included an assessment of  
products, services and business model changes to 
support our customers’ and the UK’s transition.
The following variables are considered within the 
Transition Risk Calculator methodology:
 • Emissions intensity (direct and through supply 
chain): the higher the emissions intensity the 
larger the carbon cost impact on that sector
 • Cost of abatement: sector-specific current and 
projected marginal abatement cost curves to 
estimate cost effective abatement across different 
sectors
 • Ability to pass through cost increases to 
consumers: elasticity of demand and potential to 
pass through costs determines how sensitive 
output prices are to cost increases as a result of 
climate policy
 • Recycling of government carbon tax revenues: 
in some scenarios government might collect 
significant carbon tax revenues, which can be used 
to stimulate demand in selected sectors
 • Demand destruction/demand creation: direct 
projections of demand for different types of high 
and low carbon goods and services related to the 
particular policy scenario; for example could be 
taken from the Network of Central Banks and 
Supervisors for Greening the Financial System 
scenarios.
Transition Risk 
Calculator 
We have focused the initial iteration of our Climate 
transition plan on developing plans to support the 
transition of our customers in key sectors linked to 
property, energy, mobility and food systems as these 
have most impact on the UK’s carbon footprint and our 
customers’ day to day lives. Aligned with our business 
strategy, and in support of the transition of the UK to net 
zero, our business plans involve increasing our lending to 
customers, which includes seeking opportunities to 
support their transition to net zero.
Given the scale of investment and the timescale required 
to transition, we expect to see an increasing proportion 
of that lending to support customers’ investments in 
green and transition technologies and operations. This 
increased lending in certain sectors is expected to result 
in an increase in our absolute Scope 3 emissions in the 
near- to medium-term. However, as more customers 
transition, reductions in emissions intensities are expected 
to accelerate as the roll-off of high carbon intensity 
business balances out the growth in new low carbon 
intensity lending, gradually resulting in decarbonisation of 
the balance sheet. As an example, new funding of EPC A 
and B mortgages increases our lending and hence 
absolute emissions. However, as EPC A and B mortgages 
have lower emissions per square metre than EPC C and 
below mortgages, this reduces the overall emissions 
intensity for the mortgage portfolio. As properties are 
increasingly retrofitted to improve their energy efficiency, 
the improvement in the current stock of mortgage 
lending is expected to balance out additional emissions 
from new lending. The timing and pace of this change 
are uncertain, non-linear and intrinsically linked to 
broader UK public policy, advances in technology and 
customer behaviours.
Our ambition for our financing activities to be net 
zero by 2050 is aligned with the UK’s own ambition 
to reach net zero greenhouse emissions by 2050. 
However, the transition is not expected to be linear and 
in the near-term, we will focus on identifying opportunities 
to support customers in their transition and in turn 
reduce the emissions intensity of our financing activity. 
During this time we plan to focus our transition plan 
execution on our SBTi sector-based targets to help guide 
and drive emissions intensity reductions while continuing 
to report and monitor our financed emissions in both 
absolute and emissions intensity terms.
We will continue to update and evolve our 
transition plan aligned with 2030 and 2050 climate 
ambitions, noting our ability to meet our ambition 
will be dependent on progress against the UK’s 
broader commitment with necessary changes in 
policy, advances in technology and customer 
behaviour.
Assessing the resilience of the initial iteration of 
our transition plan
 • To assess the resilience of the initial iteration 
of our Climate transition plan, we have applied 
scenario analysis to the components of the 
transition plan: financial plan (including climate-
specific actions identified), as well as UK 
Government policies. Over 2022, we have 
developed capability, through our Transition Risk 
Calculator, to allow us to integrate a consistent 
view on the climate transition policy in our base 
economic scenario for our financial plan aligned 
with the transition planning analysis. Refer to 
section 3.4 for scenario analysis applied in relation 
to government policies.
 • During 2022, we continued to develop scenario 
analysis capability, which will allow the inclusion 
of climate transition risk factors within the core 
macroeconomic scenarios used for budgeting, 
planning and risk assessment purposes.
 • To support this, we developed the Transition 
Risk Calculator, an internal approach to modelling 
the impact of transition risk factors on key 
macroeconomic variables at a sector level. 
Applying this approach as at 31 December 2022 it 
results in a potential increase in Expected Credit 
Losses (ECLs) of less than £25 million. Going 
forward, the Transition Risk Calculator will allow us 
to test the resilience of the financial plan, used to 
develop the transition plan, to transition risk.
 • While initial focus of the work has been on 
transition risk, we will also continue to enhance our 
analysis and methodologies for physical risk.
 • The methodology allows the understanding of 
varying climate impacts in different sectors. 
The calculator has been designed specifically for 
short-term macroeconomic scenarios used for 
planning and stress testing purposes.
For further details of scenario analysis see  
section 4.2a. 
‘Net zero is the growth 
opportunity of the 21st 
century.’
Mission Zero, Independent Review of  
Net Zero Report by Rt Hon Chris Skidmore 
MP, published in January 2023
31NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Sector 
interdependencies and systems thinking
3.4
Extensive analysis during 2022 has focused on the identification of 
opportunities to support customers’ transition within each sector 
analysed. This work has highlighted the importance of understanding 
sectoral interdependencies and that there needs to be a set of 
coordinated actions between sectors to achieve economy-wide 
decarbonisation. As an example, supply chain capabilities within the 
construction sector can influence the speed of retrofitting within the 
commercial real estate sector and residential mortgages, and hence 
their decarbonisation.
To support this and continue the evolution of our initial transition plan in 
2023, we plan to adopt a systems thinking approach to identify the key 
points of leverage to enable systems-wide transformation and 
decarbonisation. A systems thinking approach considers how carbon 
flows between sectors in the economy, and factors that determine the 
magnitude of those carbon flows. These factors can include:
 • Government policy
 • Carbon intensity of materials, technologies and infrastructure
 • Configurations of existing value chains
 • Consumer preferences and behaviours
Understanding these factors for each system will support the 
identification of opportunities to impact the size and direction of carbon 
flows in sectors within a system. This work has informed our focus on 
growth areas to amplify our 2023 strategy, such as supporting our 
customers’ sustainability transitions.
Considerations regarding systems thinking:
 • Impact of energy systems decarbonisation: We recognise that the 
decarbonisation of certain sectors can have a large impact on 
decarbonisation within other sectors, the most prominent being 
energy. The decarbonisation of energy supply and energy demand 
(particularly in mobility and buildings) will play a prominent role in 
decarbonisation across other sectors. In addition, the manufacturing 
sector, through the manufacture of products and components that will 
support transition to electrification, will also aid decarbonisation in 
other sectors.
 • Transition may not be linear: As additional funds are invested in 
supporting transition across sectors and systems, there may be 
increased emissions in the short-term before average emissions 
intensities reduce causing a reduction in absolute emissions in the 
medium to long-term.
 • Opportunities within one sector may be dependent on another 
sector within a system: Within the property system, there is a 
dependency on greener building materials, efficient building practices 
and adequate supply chain to support the decarbonisation 
of mortgages and commercial real estate.
Manufacturers 
and distributors
Property 
developers
Housing 
association and 
local authorities
SME 
contractors
Commercial 
property 
owners
Private home 
owners
Upstream value chain Downstream value chain
System 
Thinking
Mobility
£14.5 billion
Energy
£5.8 billion
Financial
Financial Institutions
£20.9 billion(1)
Assets under Management
£28.3 billion
Property
£234.0 billion
Food
£4.8 billion
The diagram below represents sectors and portfolios included within the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan 
aggregated and presented as systems. Amounts included are gross lending amounts for sectors analysed and the Assets 
under Management portfolio (within the Finance system) as at 31 December 2022.
(1) Lending exposure to Financial institutions excluding Reverse Repurchase agreements and other short term lending.
32NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Property system
The property system comprises the full life cycle of a property from its design, construction, operation to decommissioning. Transition plan work during 2022 has primarily focused on the residential 
mortgages portfolio, and the commercial real estate, housing associations and construction sectors. NatWest Group lending exposure to these sectors was £234.0 billion at 31 December 2022  
(£225.2 billion at 31 December 2021).
System Context: As per the UK CCC 2022 Progress Report, around 20% of the UK’s emissions come from 
buildings, making them the second largest source of emissions in the UK after surface transport, with about 77% of 
UK building emissions in 2021 relating to residential properties, followed by commercial real estate (about 13%) and 
public sector buildings (about 10%).
As one of the largest lenders in the UK, we have a key role to play in supporting consumers and businesses in 
transitioning to more energy efficient homes and buildings that are warmer, cheaper to heat, and generate lower 
emissions. Decarbonising properties will require retrofitting existing buildings to increase their energy efficiency, 
constructing new energy efficient buildings and decarbonisation of electricity and heating supply. There is therefore 
a dependency on other sectors e.g. building materials construction, manufacture of low carbon appliances and 
technologies as well as the energy system, for decarbonisation of the property system. At 31 December 2021, 
estimated absolute financed emissions for these sectors (excluding housing associations) are 4.0 MtCO2e with 
estimated emissions intensities of 37.8kgCO2e/m2  for mortgages and 56.6kgCO2e/m2 for CRE. Scope 2 emissions 
related to purchased electricity comprise c.25%% of estimated absolute emissions. As a result, decarbonisation in 
these sectors has a dependency on decarbonisation of the electricity grid.
Key products and services to support decarbonisation:
Residential mortgages:
Our strategy within this sector comprises four pillars that we will continue to develop to support customer 
transition:
 • Customer engagement: Providing educational information, building credibility and understanding with 
customers to support them in making their homes more sustainable.
 • Product choices: Rewarding and incentivising customers to purchase and refinance the most energy efficient 
homes and upgrade the energy efficiency of their current homes.
 • Sector engagement: Engaging with wider stakeholders within the sector to help influence change.
 • Manage risk and data: Maintaining and developing the appropriate controls to manage the climate-related 
risk of our portfolio.
Aligned with this, we have:
 • Launched a suite of green mortgage products including purchase, re-mortgage (an industry first) and 
Buy-to-Let (BTL) products. During 2022 Retail Banking provided £2.2 billion in Green Mortgages(1). NatWest 
Group provided £4.2 billion funding towards EPC A and B residential mortgages during 2022, with £5.2 billion 
cumulative contribution towards our climate and sustainable funding and financing target. As part of this, and to 
further support decarbonisation, we aim to provide at least £10 billion in lending for EPC A and B rated 
residential properties between 1 January 2023 and the end of 2025. Emissions intensity for EPC A and B 
mortgages at 13.8kgCO2e/m2 is lower than emissions intensity on our full mortgage portfolio.
 • Working with Sustainable Homes and Buildings Coalition partners (NatWest Group, British Gas, Worcester 
Bosch, Shelter and Citizens Advice) to understand key customer and market barriers to retrofitting, and using 
this information to influence government policy change. In 2022, the Sustainable Homes Coalition published its 
Progress Report that followed nine customers in their retrofit journey, surfacing key limitations faced by 
customers in undertaking retrofits, e.g. ill-equipped supply chain, opaque funding options, etc. 
 • Green Homes Attitudes Tracker: a quarterly survey with NatWest Group and IHS Markit that tracks customer 
sentiment towards energy efficiency and environmental concerns over time. The increase in energy prices 
means that over 65% of homeowners plan to make energy efficiency improvements to their property this 
decade, though financing the upfront costs for retrofits is the single largest barrier for most owners.
 • Smart Home Thermostat pilot: to understand customer behaviour and emissions reduction potential.
 • Financial health checks and EPC updates: Customers can access their EPC data alongside other mortgage 
information on our portal to drive awareness and action. We have also included energy efficiency related 
questions in our Financial Health Checks with customers, bringing the conversation to the frontline.
 • Retrofit Portal: During 2023, we will work to deliver an online portal to provide an end-to-end solution for 
homeowners to find accredited builders that can carry out retrofits, have access to necessary technologies and 
materials for the chosen retrofit, and appropriate financing solutions. Refer to Case Study: Making our homes 
more sustainable on page 35 for an example of products and services for residential mortgages in practice.
Commercial real estate:
 • Lending to support transition: this includes Sustainability Linked Loans as well as retrofit loans to finance 
improvements in properties that will make them more energy efficient.
 • Risk appetite for development of new build homes has been restricted to only finance EPC A and B homes 
since 2020, supporting the development of most energy efficient housing stock.
Housing associations:
 • Green and transition lending: The demand to accelerate the UK’s transition to net zero comes as a 
cost-of-living crisis deepens, with the energy efficiency of homes being a topical issue. Retrofitting properties to 
reduce energy bills has become a key focus, particularly for the most deprived areas of society. We have made 
good progress in supporting the sector on its climate journey so far, and financing retrofit and new development 
at EPC A or B continue to be our key levers. During 2022, we have provided £0.6 billion funding to the housing 
association sector through Sustainability Linked Loans, which included Environmental KPIs linked to improving 
the energy efficiency of the housing stock.
 • In February 2023, we have announced that we will collectively work with Pineapple Sustainable Partnerships, 
Places for People, British Gas Centrica and Schneider Electric on a pilot to retrofit thousands of homes in 
the social housing sector.
Construction:
The construction sector plays a key role in building low carbon and climate resilient transport and renewable 
infrastructure, as well as constructing net zero buildings. The UK CCC estimates that £50 billion per annum of 
capital expenditure is required for the manufacturing and construction, buildings and network infrastructure sectors 
for the UK to meet its net zero targets. This illustrates the commercial opportunity to support this sector to 
decarbonise, and the benefit of ‘saving carbon’ in other sectors by supporting green activity. We will continue to 
provide green asset finance to support our customers’ switch to low carbon materials and technologies. In 
February 2022 NatWest Group joined CO2nstruct Zero as a partner, which brings together organisations that are 
demonstrating leadership in relation to carbon reduction and recognises the global role of construction in meeting 
the net-zero challenge. To help cultivate a more mature retrofit supply chain, we are also exploring how we can 
work with the Supply Chain Sustainability School to share knowledge and build the skills needed to retrofit homes 
and buildings across the UK.
We will continue to evolve our products and services offering to support our customers and in turn the 
UK’s property sector decarbonisation. 
(1) Green mortgages are available to all intermediaries for all residential and Buy-to-Let properties with an energy performance rating of A 
or B and specific new build developer properties. Available for Purchase, Porting and Re-mortgage applications.
33NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Property system continued
The UK CCC 2022 Progress Report has assessed the UK Government’s 2021 Heat and Buildings Strategy and 
noted that plans are not yet fully comprehensive or complete and “significant risk” remains for many policy areas 
covered by the Strategy, with about 18% of the expected abatement in the UK Government pathway to 2035 
being unaccounted for by policy. Noted below are the key policies including related abatement potential and the UK 
CCC’s assessment in 2022:
 • Low carbon heat in homes and heat networks could deliver 39% and 7% of the UK’s 2035 abatement, 
respectively.
 • While government proposed market-based mechanism for low-carbon heat could reduce the need for 
public funding and drive down the unit costs for heating systems, it is complex and carries “significant 
risk”. Policy measures to stimulate demand are clearer but do not necessarily go far enough e.g. boiler 
phase-out dates, tighter standards for new buildings and limited government funding through the Boiler 
Upgrade Scheme.
 • While the £288 million of capital grant funding through the Green Heat Networks Fund (GHNF) will help 
establish an early market till 2025, no funding is currently committed after 2025. New projects funded 
through GHNF will need to use low-carbon sources but there are no clear policies to require the 
decarbonisation of existing heat networks or that prohibit the creation of new high-carbon networks which 
do not draw on public funds.
 • Increasing energy efficiency in non fuel-poor homes and domestic product standards and appliance 
efficiency are each expected to deliver 7% of the UK’s 2035 abatement in buildings. However, the most 
significant policy gap in the buildings sector is energy efficiency, with only the private rented sector covered 
in the UK through a consultation on increasing the minimum standard for rental properties to EPC C by 2028. 
In his Autumn statement, The UK Chancellor announced an ambition to reduce energy consumption by 15% 
by 2030. This is supported by the UK Government’s annual investment in measures to promote energy 
efficiency with £6 billion in the current year, to double to more than £12bn from 2025 to 2028. The UK 
Government has implemented a robust framework for product standards, which should contribute to emissions 
reductions over time.
 • The UK Government timeIine for increasing energy performance for fuel-poor homes: meant to provide 
5% of 2035 abatement, is rated as being “credible” for funding over the next few years, but has not set out 
when it will implement policies to improve the targeting of support to fuel-poor homes.
 • New buildings: From 2025 the Future Homes Standard will require new homes to meet high standards of 
fabric efficiency and use low-carbon heat sources. It is expected to deliver 6% of 2035 abatement for residential 
buildings, 8% for commercial and 10% for public buildings. This has “significant risk” until 2024, and “some 
risk” from 2025. The UK CCC is not confident that the interim building standards uplift will drive sufficient 
change in the new build sector prior to 2025, as standards can be met without low-carbon heat, adding to the 
stock of boilers which will need to be retrofitted in coming years. The Government’s Net Zero Estate Playbook, 
published late in 2022, is expected to provide greater funding and requirements to decarbonise public buildings.
 • In the construction sector, the UK Government has released its Construction Playbook guidance, with clear 
climate-related procurement requirements for government contracts in buildings and infrastructure, which 
include life cycle assessments and zero waste strategies from winning contracts.
Other external dependencies to support transition:
 • Immature supply chain to do retrofits: there is currently a lack of skilled workforce to do retrofit assessments 
and execute appropriate retrofits for different homes meaning that accredited and trusted builders and installers 
are hard to find. In addition, a lack of scale in an immature manufacturing supply chain for fabrication materials 
and technologies for retrofit results in costly materials and constrained supply.  Natwest Group is exploring how 
we can work with the Supply Chain Sustainability School to share the knowledge and build the skills needed to 
retrofit homes across the UK.
 • Landlord/tenant relationship: within the CRE sector, depending on the scale of the retrofit, landlords may 
need to relocate or remove tenants. While this would improve the energy efficiency of the property, it may 
impact the credit risk profile of the landlord (NatWest Group customer) due to loss of rent.
 • Customer journey: while commercial customers are well progressed in their decarbonisation journey due to 
regulation; residential mortgage customers are in early stages of their transition journey. Further customer 
education and engagement, as well as government policies, will support incentivising customer behaviour 
change. To support this, NatWest Group is creating a one-stop portal where customers will be able to work out 
what they need to improve the energy efficiency of their home, find the finance and source a supplier.
 • Technology development and scaling: Heat pumps are considered to be more energy efficient than oil and 
gas boilers. However, installing heat pumps often involves high cost and future scalability to align with future 
increase in demand.
 • Housing associations: While the social housing is considered to be ahead of the private sector when it comes 
to average EPC ratings, it still has a large number of properties that need to be improved. In England, there are 
approximately 4.1 million social homes and 1.6 million of these are below EPC C. The housing associations 
sector is highly regulated and while there is currently no legal requirement for the sector to deliver net zero, it is 
expected that the majority of housing associations will reach EPC C by 2030 and net zero by 2050. In February 
2021, NatWest Group issued a €1 billion affordable housing social bond, the first of its kind by a UK bank. We 
selected a pool of loans to not-for-profit UK-based housing associations to which we will allocate funds. These 
housing associations undertake social rent, affordable rent, supported housing and shared property schemes. In 
total, they own around 150,000 houses/flats. More broadly, NatWest Group has supported the work on the 
enhancement of the  Sustainability Reporting Standard for Social Housing. This framework is designed to enable 
housing providers to report on their  ESG performance in a transparent, consistent and comparable manner.
 • Innovation in construction processes: there is potential to reduce onsite construction times through 
innovative methods including modular construction methods as well as equipment that can reduce diesel 
consumption of plant and machinery and saving of raw materials. However, where low carbon options are 
available, the cost of this technology is currently multiple times more than conventional diesel. With tight 
margins and inflationary pressures, this has the potential to slow down business investment in green assets. In 
addition, alternative materials used in the construction process must be capable of being supplied at scale while 
ensuring essential safety standards are met. Promising materials include compressed laminate timber and zero 
carbon cement. 
NatWest Group and our customers have a dependency on timely and appropriate government policies to support transition.
Noted below are policies that are expected to the support decarbonisation of UK homes and buildings.
34NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Making our homes more sustainable
With an ageing housing stock, improving the energy 
efficiency of homes in the UK could bring a range of 
environmental and social benefits – from reducing 
carbon emissions to savings on heating bills – as well as 
better outcomes for our health and wellbeing.
In 2021, we launched the Sustainable Homes and 
Buildings Coalition with partners British Gas, Worcester 
Bosch and Shelter to improve the energy efficiency of 
UK buildings. Together, we’re working to raise 
awareness of what the transition to net zero means for 
homeowners and tenants by providing practical advice 
and support to make homes more sustainable.
As part of NatWest Group’s response, we established 
the Greener Homes Attitude Tracker, a quarterly survey 
supported by S&P Global. The tracker shows that while 
support for energy efficiency adoption is growing, cost 
can be a significant barrier to many green home 
improvements.
This was the experience of Coutts client Kay Hallinan, 
who, despite adopting sustainable practices in her 
day-to-day life, had initially been put off by the high 
costs associated with many green home improvements.
In 2020, Kay purchased an investment property for 
renovation. After installing double glazing, replacing the 
boiler and switching to energy efficient lighting, the EPC 
rating for the property increased from F to C – securing 
a discounted arrangement fee on Kay’s Coutts retrofit 
mortgage.
Our residential and buy-to-let mortgage suite now 
includes several options that incentivise customers 
purchasing an energy efficient home or renovating an 
existing property to improve its energy performance 
with lower interest rates and discounts. Since they were 
launched in Q4 2020, Retail Banking has completed  
£2.9 billion of Green Mortgages(1).
‘Although we were working towards an energy efficient 
home for our tenants, we were not thinking about the 
EPC rating when we were renovating the property,’ 
says Kay. ‘However, after receiving cashback on our 
arrangement fee, I was able to consider where we could 
easily increase the EPC rating in other properties.’
With our Sustainable Homes and Building Coalition 
partners, we also launched the Green Homes Retrofit 
Pilot, in collaboration with Quidos, which aims to support 
a sample of customers seeking to improve the energy 
efficiency of their homes and reduce energy bills. At the 
end of 2022 nine customers were informing this pilot, 
with works ranging from new double glazing to 
improved insulation, solar panels, new radiators and 
heat pumps. Insights from the trial will be used to 
innovate and develop our future product range.
Through collaborative initiatives, as well as innovative 
features such as our Home Energy Plan – which shows 
customers up-to-date information on the EPC rating of 
their property and suggests helpful tips on green home 
improvements – we can help more people make their 
homes energy efficient.
We’re working with our partners to raise awareness of what the 
transition to net zero means for homeowners and tenants.
Supporting the transition of UK housing 
Climate transition plan: Case study
Energy efficient glazing was key 
to the retrofit
A modern condensing gas boiler 
was installed.
The refurbishment included the 
use of energy efficient lighting.
(1) Green Mortgages are available to all intermediaries for all 
residential and Buy-to-Let properties with an energy performance 
rating of A or B and specific new build developer properties. 
Available for Purchase, Porting and Re-mortgage applications.
35NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Mobility system
This system is diverse and comprises a range of sectors: land transport (passenger road, rail and freight) and logistics, aviation, shipping and automotive. 
NatWest Group lending exposure to these sectors was £14.5 billion at 31 December 2022 (£13.4 billion at 31 December 2021).
System context: As per the UK CCC 2022 Progress Report the various modes of travel are the largest source of 
emissions in the UK, with land transport contributing 23% and aviation and shipping contributing 3% each. 
Emissions for sectors within this system primarily relate to downstream emissions from use of modes of transport.
The mobility system can decarbonise through a reduction of demand in travel or a shift in transport modes e.g. 
from private car to public transport, supported by improved energy efficiency and the decarbonisation of energy. 
These are reliant on:
 • Regional and urban policies with regards to infrastructure choices that affect options on how people can move 
within and between cities/regions e.g. cycling vs driving
 • Environmental policies that regulate air quality and climate including carbon pricing of fossil fuels
 • Industrial policy to make low-carbon modes of travel more cost-competitive and investment into supply chains 
to enable alternative forms of energy for transport. 
Key products and services to support decarbonisation:
 • Financing of lower carbon vehicles: Our climate and sustainable funding and financing inclusion criteria 
includes financing of electric cars and e-buses. During 2022, additional financing of £1.3 billion was provided for 
sustainable transport solutions, primarily through Lombard. Further opportunities are being assessed, aligned 
with government policy development, to finance green buses and coaches.
 • Internal policies: Policy restrictions are in place to restrict lending to older and highest carbon emitting cars 
and buses. Further work is being carried out to assess linking vehicle emissions thresholds to lending decisions.
 • Sector transaction acceptance standards (TAS): includes qualitative considerations to assess climate-related 
risks and potential financial impacts, with a view to support environmentally and socially responsible customers 
and identifying further opportunities to support customer transition.
 • Aviation: NatWest Group exposures within the aviation sector primarily relate to secured asset financing 
against new-generation aircraft supporting commercial airlines to reduce their CO2 per seat mile. We will 
continue to finance the most carbon efficient customers and assets based on criteria set within our TAS.
Key external dependencies to support transition:
Technology and infrastructure development:
 • Increase in electric vehicles will require adequate electric charging infrastructure. Per the Electric 
Vehicle Smart Charging Action Plan for affordable, sustainable power for electric vehicles published by the 
Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy in January 2023, households without off-street 
parking e.g. in flats or rental properties have limited options for accessing smart charging. In addition, 
consumers are concerned about whether the vehicle will be ready when they need it.
 • New aircraft have lower emissions than older aircraft. However, due to supply chain issues, there is a 
delay in the manufacture of new aircraft. Potential aviation emissions reduction is reliant on technology 
innovation delivering more efficient fleets. Sustainable Aviation Fuel technology is in nascent stages of 
development.
 • Behaviour changes: customers switching to lower emitting modes of transport will contribute to emissions 
reductions. This includes walking, cycling or public transport instead of driving. The up-take of electric 
vehicles instead of petrol and diesel, is evidence of consumer demand for more sustainable transport.
36NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Mobility system continued
NatWest Group and our customers have a dependency on timely and appropriate government policies to support transition. Noted below are policies that are 
expected to support decarbonisation of the mobility system. 
As per the UK CCC 2022 Progress Report, overall policies targeted at land transport have “some risk” but are the 
most advanced in comparison to aviation and shipping in achieving the Government’s Net Zero Strategy. For land 
transport, the publication of the Transport Decarbonisation Plan (TDP) in 2021, along with the Charging 
Infrastructure Strategy, and consultation on the details of the Zero Emissions Vehicle mandate, represented a 
positive step for the sector, setting out the Government’s vision for how the sector’s emissions can be abated. 
Policies that reduce reliance on fossil fuels are considered most significant for the aviation and shipping sectors 
However, policies aimed at decarbonising aviation and shipping are at “significant risk” of failing to deliver 2035 
abatement targets.
Land transport:
 • Reduction of vehicle use and encouraging shifts to public, shared or active modes of transport: 9% of the 
UK’s 2035 abatement is expected through this change in behaviours, with the UK CCC 2022 Progress Report 
rating policies as having “some or significant risk” with regards to shifting individual car use to public 
transport or to more active travel. This is particularly true for UK cities other than London, where achieving the 
same level of integrated public transport requires further support. An overall approach is lacking and there is 
some risk to policies aimed at shifting consumers towards more active travel, with the aim that half of urban 
journeys will be walked or cycled by 2030. Key enabling policies such as the Planning System, Active Travel 
England and the Roads Investment Scheme need to better reflect these ambitions, providing guidance to local 
authorities on taking a place-based approach to decarbonisation.
 • Zero emission vehicles: overall the policies to shift towards achieving the Zero Emission Vehicle (ZEV) mandate 
are considered largely “credible” by the UK CCC, delivering almost 78% of the abatement for land transport 
by 2035 as part of the Net Zero Strategy. The ZEV promotes vehicles that have no emissions at the tailpipe, 
with clear phase-out targets for cars and vans by 2030. These still seem to be on track, with promising growth 
in sales of ZEV for cars, despite sales of zero emissions vans and heavy goods vehicles lagging. The main 
concern is to ensure that charging infrastructure, as set out in the Infrastructure Strategy, meets user demand 
and expectation and supports the uptake needed. While the Infrastructure Strategy is clearer for cars, the use 
case for zero emissions vans and heavy goods vehicles is less clear.
 • Conventional vehicle efficiency: expected to deliver 10% of 2035 abatement for surface transport, but is 
considered to be at “significant risk” of failing to achieve such a reduction. Policy is directed to internal 
combustion engines and hybrid vehicles with an operational lifetime between now and 2030. The UK CCC 
suggests that getting UK Government policy to incentivise the improvement of efficiency of these vehicles now 
will ensure a lower footprint through the operational life of the vehicle.
 • Rail efficiency and technology: is expected to provide 1% of 2035 abatement, with “some risk” to 
achievement. The UK Government intends to remove diesel-only trains from the network by 2040, with the 
system being net zero by 2050. The TDP sets out Network Rail’s Traction Decarbonisation Network Strategy as 
a blueprint for how this will be achieved – but now a more comprehensive delivery plan is needed. 
Aviation:
The UK Government’s JetZero strategy, to deliver net zero aviation by 2050, focuses on improving system 
efficiency and increasing the availability and use of sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) in the near-term, while new 
technology is developed. The JetZero strategy acknowledges that aviation is a key industry in making the UK one 
of the best connected and successful trading nations. The strategy does not plan to intervene to limit sector growth 
but focuses on improving efficiency, decoupling CO2 emissions growth from air traffic growth. This policy is heavily 
dependent on new technology, particularly related to SAF development.
The most significant policies relate to the development of SAF, expected to deliver 64% of 2035 abatement, with 
improved fuel efficiency of aircraft expected to deliver 34% of 2035 abatement. For SAF, there is consultation to 
mandate 10% SAF by 2030, which is a high-level ambition, with over £180 million committed in UK funding to 
develop SAF plants. There needs to be clarity on the type of SAF to be included to ensure lifecycle emissions of SAF 
provide emissions savings and avoids opportunity costs of growing fuels. With regard to fuel efficiency, there is 
“significant risk” to meet the emission reduction requirement for the Department for Transport’s scenarios, 
requiring significant R&D and high-level international cooperation.
Shipping:
The most significant policies relate to enabling low-carbon fuels for shipping, which would deliver 85% of 2035 
abatement, however, there is a “significant risk” of failing to deliver. The upcoming Course to Zero strategy and 
refreshed Clean Maritime Plan need more detail on roles and responsibilities in order to drive investment in 
decarbonising UK shipping. Globally, there is a need to include a net zero 2050 target within the International 
Maritime Organisation initial GHG strategy, to ensure vessel operators are incentivised to transition to low carbon 
fuels. Positive steps would be to include shipping in the UK ETS. Other important policies centre on improving the 
efficiency of vessels and the electrification of shipping, which could deliver 15% of 2035 abatement, with “some 
risk” to delivery.
37NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
NatWest Group has set out 
a clear ambition to be a 
leading bank in the UK 
helping to address the 
climate challenge. A key part 
of this is providing financing 
structures for businesses that are developing 
sustainable energy.
One such business is electric vehicle fleet and battery 
storage specialist . Established in 2017,  
currently works with the majority of major bus 
operators in the UK, as well as local authority-owned 
bus companies, to electrify their fleets and minimise 
the lifetime costs of their electric vehicles (EV) and 
charging infrastructure. The company also provides 
battery storage solutions to grid operators, 
accelerating the uptake of renewables.
By 2025,  aims to have a fleet of at least 
3,000 EV buses and 1GW of battery storage. 
To support this ambition, the company has 
established a funding platform with an initial volume 
of £241 million, which will enable it to service and 
finance up to 430 new e-buses in the UK and Republic 
of Ireland.
Having worked with NatWest Group on an innovative 
financing facility in 2021,  turned to our team 
again to advise on a multi-source debt structure to 
help accelerate the expansion of the EV fleet sector.
Our One Bank team, comprising colleagues from 
Private Placements, Specialist Asset Financing, Risk 
Solutions, ESG Advisory and Climate & ESG Capital 
Markets, collectively delivered a bespoke funding 
package. This incorporated green loans and private 
placements that adhered to the Loan Market 
Association’s Green Loan Principles attracting 
institutional investors and bank lenders.
We believe this financing will have a real-world impact 
for accelerating the UK’s drive to electrify its public 
road transport system.
Combined with ’s technical expertise, the 
financing enables the company to offer end-to-end 
services to the bus operators including the design, 
installation, financing and operation of electrical 
charging infrastructure and buses in the depot.
We believe this financing will 
have a real-world impact for 
accelerating the UK’s drive 
to electrify its public road 
transport system.
This is a clear example of our purpose in action: 
building relationships with businesses such as , 
championing its potential and empowering it to deliver 
on its sustainability ambitions. 
Funding the
drive to
clean transport
Watch the 
story online
The QR code above directs to a case study video on our 2022 
Annual Report webpage. None of the information on that webpage 
(including the case study video) is, or should be read as being, 
incorporated by reference into this report.
Climate transition plan: Case study
38NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Energy system
The energy system impacts every other system as it provides the fuel potential to undertake economic activities in other systems, which may in turn generate 
further emissions. To develop the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan, we have focused on sectors that provide energy used by other systems.  
NatWest Group lending to these sectors was £5.8 billion as at 31 December 2022 (£5.7 billion as at 31 December 2021).
System context:
In preparing the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan, we have analysed the oil and gas and electricity 
generation sectors. Absolute estimated emissions for these sectors was 1.6 MtCO2e as at 31 December 2021, with 
physical emissions intensities of 2.4 tCO2e/TJ for oil and gas and 116.7 kgCO2e/MWh for electricity generation.
The UK CCC 2022 Progress Report estimates that emissions associated with the extraction, refining and 
distribution of fuel supply was 8% of the UK’s emissions in 2020, with 98% of these emissions associated with the oil 
and gas industry, and 2% from coal mines. The report also estimates that emissions from electricity supply 
accounted for 11% of UK emissions in 2021.
Key products and services to support decarbonisation:
Oil and gas
 • Credible transition plan assessment: During 2021, we concluded credible transition plan (CTP) assessments 
for oil and gas majors and in-scope coal customers. This supported our stated ambition to stop lending and 
underwriting to companies with more than 15% of activities related to thermal and lignite coal, unless they had 
a CTP in line with the 2015 Paris Agreement in place by the end of 2021. Refer to the following page and 
section 5.1 for the latest position. As a result of actions in this sector, lending to the oil and gas sector 
represents 0.7% of total lending exposure at 31 December 2022.
 • Green and transition finance: We will continue to support the transition to renewable energy and other 
technologies to reduce emissions in this sector as part of our climate and sustainable funding and financing.
 • Internal policies: We have continued to strengthen our ESE policies within the power generation and oil and 
gas sectors including the recent announcement to not provide reserve based lending specifically for the purpose 
of financing oil and gas exploration, extraction and production for new customers from February 2023. Refer to 
page 41 for further details on ESE policies for the power generation and oil and gas sectors 
 • Specialist team to focus on energy transition: During 2022, we set up a specialist team to focus on energy 
transition, given the role energy is expected to play in the decarbonisation of other systems. This new team 
will work on identifying opportunities to support transition, including large scale energy infrastructure, and also 
supporting growth businesses that will be important to transition over the next decade. Some examples include 
new technologies like hydrogen supply, storage and distribution, carbon capture, utilisation and storage (CCUS) as 
well as supporting the wider alternative waste treatment technologies sector and clean transport infrastructure. 
The initial focus of the team has been to understand existing challenges and potential opportunities, coordinating 
internally to bring One Bank thinking to support financing the energy transition. Regional virtual teams have been 
created to focus on identifying specific opportunities to support customers looking to grow in this crucial sector.
Electricity generation
 • Financing renewable energy projects: NatWest Group has been a leading lender to the UK power and 
renewables sector over the last 10 years. Renewable energy has lower emissions than energy produced from 
oil and gas. During 2022, we provided £1.3 billion of climate and sustainable funding and financing to solar and 
wind projects.
 • Lending criteria: NatWest Group ESE policy suite includes policies related to power generation and mining and 
metals. Refer to page 41 for further details.
39NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Energy system continued
The current energy crisis provides a clear incentive to shift away from fossil fuels to avoid exposure to geopolitical price shocks. 
External dependencies to support transition:
The UK CCC 2022 Progress Report states that electricity generation needs to be fully decarbonised by 2035 to 
achieve its balanced net zero pathway and has rated policies intended to achieve the UK’s 2035 target for this 
sector as being “credible”. In comparison, the UK CCC 2022 Progress Report has provided an overall rating for 
policies aimed at reducing emissions from fuel supply as having “some risk”. In addition, The UK CCC 2022 
Progress Report also states that:
 • The government and the oil and gas industry can increase its current ambition of a 50% reduction in emissions 
for the sector by 2030 against 2018 levels to 68%.
 • Policy support to increase production from North Sea oil and gas through the Energy Security Strategy (ESE) 
and the Energy Profits Levy would provide an insufficient policy signal to achieve the UK Government’s 50% 
decarbonisation target for the sector.
Government policies:
 • The North Sea Transition Deal, published in March 2021, commits to reducing the greenhouse gas footprint 
of North Sea oil and gas production and processing by 50% by 2030, relative to 2018 levels.
 • In parallel, the UK Emissions Trading System (ETS) limits total emissions from facilities that are large emitters, 
including from oil and gas extraction facilities and refineries. In 2022, carbon prices under the UK ETS have 
reached an average price of £80 per tonne, around 45% higher than the £55 per tonne average price between 
May to December 2021.
 • Policies to reduce methane emissions, expected to support 23% abatement for the UK’s 2035 targets, are 
assessed as “credible” by the UK CCC 2022 Progress Report. The UK Government has approved the Iron 
Mains Risk Reduction Programme, with an aim of reducing the risk of methane emissions in gas pipes, while the 
2021 Methane Action Plan and flaring reduction plans are based on voluntary commitments.
 • Electrification of oil and gas platforms: the UK CCC 2022 Progress Report says policies that could deliver 
22% of the 2035 abatement for the UK Net Zero Strategy are rated as being at “significant risk”. There is no 
clear mechanism to provide incentives to overcome barriers involved with electrification of oil and gas platforms.
 • CCUS in refineries: the UK CCC reports “some risk” to policies that are being developed, but are yet to be 
put in place, to achieve the 15% 2035 abatement from these facilities.
 • Bio-energy best-use CCS readiness: there is “some risk” to the 7% 2035 abatement that could be achieved 
in the Biomass Strategy, which would support growth in domestic biomass supply alongside the rapid 
deployment of Bioenergy with Carbon Capture and Storage (BECCS) in power generation and biofuels plants.
 • Renewables: the UK CCC 2022 Progress Report rates policies to support renewable deployment as “credible” 
to deliver the 80% 2035 abatement within the electricity generation sector. This is particularly due to the 
increased Energy Security Strategy (ESS) to deploy up to 50 GW of offshore wind by 2030 and 70 GW of solar 
by 2035. This can be achieved through annual auctions for low-carbon electricity contracts, including onshore 
wind and solar. The ESS also commits to reduce consenting time for offshore wind projects. 
 • Flexible low-carbon generation and storage: which is expected to contribute 10% of 2035 abatement for the 
sector is rated as having “some risk” to delivery. Policies include the commitment for at least six long-duration 
storage demonstrators to be in place by 2025, with innovation funding awarded in 2022. The Dispatchable 
Power Agreement is still being finalised with the aim that at least one CCS power plant will be operational by 
the mid-2020s. However, although some progress has been made on low-carbon readiness standards for new 
power plants, the Hydrogen Strategy lacks a clear objective for the role of hydrogen in electricity supply.
 • Nuclear: the UK CCC rates policies for nuclear, which could potentially deliver 10% of the UK’s 2035 
abatement, to be at “significant risk”. These policies include the ambition to deploy up to 24 GW of nuclear 
capacity by 2050. However, funding models and timely delivery for financial close and construction, are key 
risks.
 • Electricity market design and networks: the UK CCC 2022 Progress Report rates policies enabling flexible 
demand (e.g the Smart Systems and Flexibility Plan, Energy Digitalisation Strategy, smart meter installation 
targets for energy suppliers, and Ofgem implementing half-hourly settlement by 2025 to enable smart tariffs) as 
being “credible”. However, policies involved with expanding network capacity have “some risk” in terms of 
delivering sufficient increased generation to meet rising demand in time. This could be improved with a new, 
independent Future System Operator (the FSO), which will have a more strategic remit. The UK Government 
has also committed to publishing a strategic framework in 2022, with Ofgem, on net zero networks. Ofgem has 
recently announced a five-year plan to transform local energy grids to support the transition to a cleaner, 
affordable, homegrown low carbon energy system, by proposing significant spending of £21 billion.
Other external dependency:
 • CCUS: is considered to be necessary for the UK to reach its net zero goal as it removes the emissions from 
hard to abate sectors. The North Sea provides significant storage opportunity and the UK Government is in the 
process of finalising how it will support the implementation of carbon capture technology and the building of 
storage facilities offshore.
 • Customer behaviour change: Despite decarbonisation of the grid and electrification of the economy, material 
demand for fuel remains, which requires a fundamental shift in consumer demand. In addition, there will need to 
be greater public understanding and acceptance towards a future energy system featuring widely distributed 
renewable plants and associated grid infrastructure. 
40NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Helping to end the most 
harmful activities
We recognise that through our financing activity, NatWest Group and our customers can have environmental, 
social and ethical (ESE) impacts that contribute to climate change. To help us assess and manage these risks, 
we have an ESE risk framework comprising policies and processes to give us better insight into our customers’ 
activities and to enable us to address issues of concern.
As part of our climate ambition announced in February 2020, we stated that we planned to stop lending and 
underwriting to companies with more than 15% of activities related to thermal and lignite coal, unless they had a 
Credible Transition Plan in line with the 2015 Paris Agreement in place by end of 2021, with a full phase-out from 
thermal and lignite coal by 2030; and to stop lending and underwriting to major oil and gas producers unless they 
had a Credible Transition Plan aligned with the 2015 Paris Agreement in place by the end of 2021.
Potential Opportunity Customer Segment Progress in 2022 Impact in 2022
Tightened Ethical, 
Social and 
Environmental  
(ESE) criteria
Commercial & 
Institutional
We continue to prohibit new lending and loan underwriting to coal customers and we plan to:
 • phase-out of coal for UK and non-UK customers who have UK coal production, coal-fired generation and coal 
infrastructure by 1 October 2024, followed by a full phase-out of coal by 1 January 2030.
While the oil and gas sector continues to play a critical role in UK energy security and the transition to clean energy, 
NatWest Group recognises the significant climate, environmental and social risks associated with it. In 2022, we further 
tightened our oil and gas ESE policy:
We announced we would only continue to support upstream oil and gas companies:
 • where the majority (>51%) of assets being financed are based in the UK (onshore or offshore UK Continental shelf); and,
 • where those companies report to us the overall emissions of the assets they operate by the end of 2023.
From February 2023, we will not provide reserve based lending specifically for the purpose of financing oil and gas 
exploration, extraction and production for new customers, and, after 31 December 2025, we will not renew, refinance 
or extend existing reserve based lending specifically for the purpose for financing oil and gas exploration, extraction and 
production.
Previously, in December 2022 we also announced we will stop lending and loan underwriting to soft commodities 
producers operating in tropical regions(1) who have not obtained sustainable certification of their direct soft commodities 
activities and supply chain by 31 December 2024. This means obtaining the following certifications and memberships:
 • Forestry, Rubberwood, Pulp and Paper – Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) and Programme for the Endorsement of 
Forest Certification (PEFC).
 • Palm oil – Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO).
 • Soy – Roundtable for Responsible Soy (RTRS).
 • Beef/Leather – Global Roundtable for Sustainable Beef (GRSB)/Leather Working Group (LWG).
 • Cocoa – Rainforest Alliance, Fairtrade.
As a member of the Powering Past Coal update, 
we continued to support the alliance’s aims as we 
progress towards a full phase-out of coal by 2030.
Total exposure to the oil and gas sector increased 
by £0.3 billion compared with 31 December 2021 
– £3,577 million as at 31 December 2022 
compared to £,3,254 million as at 31 December 
2021. Increases in oil and gas exposure in 2022 
are largely attributable to foreign exchange 
movement.
Refer to section 5.1 for further details.
Credible transition  
plan assessments –  
oil and gas
Commercial & 
Institutional
We previously announced we would stop lending and underwriting to major oil and gas producers unless they had a 
Credible Transition Plan aligned with the 2015 Paris Agreement in place by the end of 2021.
In 2021, we completed Credible Transition Plan (CTP) assessments for oil and gas majors and customers with more 
than 15% of their activities related to coal (thermal and lignite) engaged in mining, power generation and trading 
activities. These assessments involved three components: a quantitative assessment using an independent third-party 
proprietary model to assess alignment with the 2015 Paris Agreement; a credibility assessment; and finally a management 
review and assessment. For further details of this assessment process refer to pages 30 - 31 of our 2021 Climate-related 
Disclosures Report. 
Coal customers who had less than 15% of their activities relating to coal and were not in scope of the CTP assessment 
are still required to fully phase-out of coal by 2030.
As at 31 December 2022 our exposure to oil and 
gas majors amounted to £0.9 billion(*) (31 December 
2021 – £0.8 billion), representing 25% of the total 
exposure to the oil and gas sector.
Exposure to coal customers, within the scope 
of the CTP analysis, was £0.3 billion(*) as at 
31 December 2022 (£0.6 billion as at  
31 December 2021). 
(1) Producers of goods such as palm oil, soy and cocoa operating in tropical, sub-tropical and temperate rainforests.
(*) Within scope of EY assurance. Refer to page 10.
41NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Food system
The food system spans from primary activities in agriculture, livestock rearing and fishing to activities involved in processing, packaging and distributing food as 
well as food retailers and markets, and the management of food waste. NatWest Group lending to this sector was £4.8 billion at 31 December 2022 (£5.1 billion at 
31 December 2021).
System context: The food system has a vital part to play in ensuring food security in the UK economy. As per the 
National Statistics on Agricultural Land Use in United Kingdom at 1 June 2022 published by the Department for 
Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) in December 2022, farms account for almost 70% of the total area of 
the UK in 2022. As per the UK CCC 2022 Progress Report published in 2022, agriculture and land accounts for 
12% of total greenhouse gas emissions in the UK and the land use sector needs to become a net sink by the 
mid-2030s if the UK is to achieve its net-zero targets by removing more greenhouse gases from the atmosphere 
than emissions released from land use activities. We recognise that creating the business case for farmers and 
landowners to invest into more sustainable agricultural technologies and practices requires an alignment of financial 
and regulatory incentives across the entire food system. Development of the initial iteration of our Climate transition 
plan during 2022 has primarily focused on the agriculture sector with estimated absolute emissions related to 
primary farming activities of 3.9MtCO2e at 31 December 2021 and emissions intensity of 2,111 tCO2e/£m. This 
work included assessment of opportunities for NatWest Group to support its agricultural customers to reduce and 
reverse impacts to climate and environment as well as engagement with the UK Government, wider food system 
and NGOs to create practical solutions to support farmers and landowners to contribute to the achievement of the 
UK’s climate targets.
Key products and services to support decarbonisation:
 • Development of green lending products: As part of our £100 billion climate and sustainable funding and 
financing target, we continue to provide funding that meets customer need and incentivises transition across a 
range of business models to enable sustainable agriculture. On 1 January 2023, we expanded the scope of 
low-carbon technologies and practices that qualify for climate and sustainable funding under the “Sustainable 
Agriculture” category.
 • Supporting agriculture customers through rising cost of living: In July 2022, we made available £1.25 billion 
in lending support for agricultural customers through a range of measures including loans, asset finance, and 
increased overdraft limits. The lending support also aims to help farmers fund their transition to more 
sustainable practices, through the bank’s lending products. Refer to the case study on page 44 for an example 
of support provided to customers in the agriculture sector.
 • Partnership with the Sustainable Food Trust to digitise the Global Farm Metric (GFM): The GFM 
establishes a common language and baseline of data for sustainability which has the potential to strengthen and 
align existing metrics of the food and farming industry. We are supporting the digitisation of the GFM to provide 
it as a tool to farmers to make it easier for them to measure and track the climate and nature impacts from 
change in their practices. In 2023, we will work with both farmers and food suppliers who use other 
measurement tools to test inter-operability with GFM with an aim to develop more consistent measurements.
 • Developing partnerships with food manufacturers and retailers: aligned with the systems thinking 
approach, we are working with selected food manufacturers and retailers to co-develop financial solutions that 
will allow farmers in their supply chain to have access to our climate and sustainable funding and financing. We 
plan to continue this in 2023 by co-designing financial solutions appropriate for the procurement practices of 
agri-food businesses to scale access to our financing for green and transition activities, to their farmers. 
External dependencies to support transition:
Customer and other external dependencies
 • Customer awareness: customers in the agriculture sector are at an early stage of their transition journey. As a 
result, the current focus to support transition is on increasing awareness and providing customers with tools 
such as the Global Farm Metric so they can assess the emissions impact of their activities.
 • Cost of living challenges faced by customers: overall inflation for input costs to farmers is around 25%, but 
more than 200% for key inputs such as fuel, fertilisers and animal feed. These high costs are putting capital 
constraints on agri-food customers, limiting their ability and willingness to invest in buying low-carbon equipment 
and adopting changes in practices that have high upfront costs and longer time scales to pay back the farm for 
achieving environmental outcomes.
 • Technology developments: lower carbon technology developments, including low carbon farming practices 
such as hydrogen for heavy mobile equipment, are required to reduce emissions intensity.
To support our customers we will continue to engage with the UK Government and private and NGO partners to 
create partnerships and collaborations to align fiscal, regulatory and market incentives to support farmers and 
landowners to achieve mass-scale in decarbonisation.
 • Joint statement with WWF, Tesco and Nature-Friendly Farming Network to DEFRA: In November 2022, 
WWF, NatWest Group, Tesco, and the Nature-Friendly Farming Network signed an joint statement to the UK 
Government to raise the ambition of, and encourage delivery of, all parts of the Environmental Land 
Management (ELM) Scheme to support English farmers to work with nature, reduce their input costs, and 
adapt to a changing climate, all while providing healthy, affordable, and sustainable food. This joint statement 
was signed by over 50 organisations across the food system. This is the first-time that representatives from 
food and finance have come together in support of strengthening ELMs. In 2023, we will continue to work 
collaboratively with these signatories.
 • Sustainable Markets Initiative: NatWest Group and WWF co-hosted an interactive event at COP27 in Sharm 
El-Shaikh that had over 60 senior executives representing policymakers, companies, farming organisations, 
NGOs and financial institutions involved in the global food system to share experiences and develop practical 
and action-oriented solutions to enact the recommendations in the SMI Agricultural Taskforce’s Report “Scaling 
Regenerative Farming: An Action Plan”.
42NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
The UK CCC 2022 Progress Report rated the policies expected to reduce emissions from agricultural and land use activities by adopting low-carbon farming and 
productivity measures for both livestock and arable land as being at “significant risk” in delivering outcomes to the scale needed to achieve climate targets due to 
lack of clarity or insufficient plans. The UK CCC 2022 Progress Report has also provided an overall score of policies targeted at financing activities that can 
sequester carbon as sinks by planting of hedgerows, trees, soil sequestration and restoring peatlands as being at “significant risk”.
Noted below are the key policies, including related abatement potential and UK CCC’s assessment in 2022: 
 • Productivity and low-carbon farming policies expected to achieve 38% of the 2035 
abatement needed are at “significant risk” of delivery due to limited roll out under the 
Sustainable Farming Incentive for specific farming activities. As per the UK CCC 2022 
Progress Report, “timescales and incentives remain short-term, with scheme details 
incomplete. There is a reliance on farmers to voluntarily take up low-carbon farming 
measures, as well as a high dependency on future technology and innovation”.
 • Restoration of peatlands expected to deliver 30% of the 2035 abatement is scored as 
“significant risk” by the UK CCC as the funding for peatland restoration pledged via 
the Nature for Climate fund in the devolved nations is typically short-term and risks not 
meeting ambition. Similarly, the Local Nature Recovery Fund under Environmental Land 
Management System (ELMS) England, which is expected to deliver peatland restoration 
from 2025 onwards, is lacking detail.
 • Agroforestry and hedges meant to deliver 11% of 2035 abatement are rated as 
“significant risk” of delivery. Fiscal incentives in 2022 were primarily delivered in the 
Countryside Stewardship Scheme in England, with Sustainable Farming Incentive 
standards forecast to be launched for hedgerows and agroforestry in England in 2023 
and 2024, respectively. Scotland’s Climate Change Plan update does address 
agroforestry and hedgerows, however, detail is limited.
 • Afforestation policies, meant to deliver 9% of 2035 abatement, are scored as having 
“significant risk” as current planting rates are not on track to meet the UK-wide 
annual targets of 30,000 hectare per annum by 2023, particularly for woodland 
creation in Scotland. This is partly due to non-financial barriers: such as tenant farmers 
being unable to plant on land due to contractual issues, availability of skilled labour, and 
measurement definitions to track progress (e.g. how tree canopy is defined).
 • Biomass policy is considered to have “insufficient plans” for delivering 12% of the 
2035 abatement due to insufficient plans from the Biomass Policy Statement that was 
published in 2021.
 • Behaviour changes to food demand and consumption is considered to have 
“insufficient plans” as the UK Government Food Strategy does not set out clear 
targets for the food system’s impact on health, nature and climate. The UK CCC BNZ 
scenario assumes a 20% diet shift away from all meat and dairy products by 2030, 
which is substituted by plant-based proteins.
Climate transition plan: Food system continued
43NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Supporting sustainable agriculture
We’re proud to be playing a leading role in the UK’s 
transition to net zero. Our target to provide 
£100 billion of climate and sustainable funding and 
financing between 1 July 2021 and the end of 2025 
will enable our customers to implement green 
solutions and help businesses become more energy 
efficient, sustainable and resilient.
As part of the initial iteration of our Climate transition 
plan, we are prioritising sectors with high emissions. 
With agriculture representing 1.1% of NatWest Group’s 
gross lending as at year end 2022 and a high rate of 
emissions (see section 5.5), we’re committed to 
helping our farming customers reduce their collective 
carbon footprint.
Our relationship managers and frontline teams are 
working closely with our agriculture customers to 
understand the challenges they face, supporting them 
to adopt new technologies and sustainable farming 
practices to build their resilience in the face of a 
changing climate and unprecedented increases in 
operating costs.
In 2022, we supported agriculture company Newhay 
Feeds Ltd to apply for Green Asset Finance, a new 
product that offers financing with no arrangement fee 
for projects investing in eligible clean buildings, energy, 
transport and agriculture. Green Asset Finance(1), 
along with our Green Loan proposition also launched 
in February 2022, contribute to our climate and 
sustainable funding and financing target.
Based in Yorkshire, Newhay grows, harvests, dries 
and packages hay for pet food. With Green Asset 
Finance, the company invested in a new, state-of-the-
art hay dryer. The equipment enables Newhay to use 
labour and machinery more effectively. Crucially, 
during the harvest period, daily output has now risen 
from 30 tonnes to 50 tonnes for half the fuel costs, 
resulting in lower carbon emissions for the business.
We have been helping the agriculture sector thrive  
for more than 200 years. Through our climate and 
sustainable funding and financing, we are continuing 
to support our customers’ transition to a net-zero, 
climate-resilient and sustainable economy.
Our relationship managers 
and frontline teams are 
working closely with our 
agriculture customers  
to understand the 
challenges they face.
Reducing costs and emissions while unlocking growth
Climate transition plan: Case study
(1) Green Asset Finance is available to UK businesses with an annual 
turnover of less than £25million, wishing to invest in clean buildings, 
clean energy, clean transport – including electric vehicles – and 
agriculture. Finance is provided by Lombard, with no arrangement 
fee, for a minimum facility value over £25,000 and less than 
£10 million. Eligibility does not imply compliance with any green or 
similar taxonomy or standard. Finance without an arrangement fee is 
already also through Lombard’s digital channel.
 44NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Financial system 
The Financial system encompasses support for a broad range of financial institutions (FIs), including banks, asset managers, insurance companies, specialist finance 
and hedge funds across Commercial & Institutional, as well as offering investment opportunities to customers through our Asset Management function within 
Private Banking. Our climate ambition recognises the importance of mobilising the entire financial system to accelerate pace towards net zero. During 2022, we 
focused on FI customers and the assets under management portfolio, to develop transition plans.
Financial Institutions (FIs):
COP26 highlighted the significant role FIs play to align private capital with global climate commitments. Regulators, 
investors and capital providers have continued to increase pressure on FIs to embed and evidence robust 
sustainability strategies. NatWest Group lending to this sector was £20.9 billion(1) as at 31 December 2022 
(£20.1 billion as at 31 December 2021).
Key products, services and business model changes to support decarbonisation:
 • A large part of FIs’ emissions relate to Scope 3 emissions from providing products and services to 
customers. Due to lack of granular availability of customer-level climate data, FIs are still developing 
measurement methodologies and capabilities to assess their Scope 3 emissions. As a result, the current 
estimate of Scope 1 and 2 emissions for FI customers is not reflective of the full emissions profile of these 
customers.
 • To support decarbonisation of this sector, we have focused on education and engagement within the sector 
to support aligning customers with net-zero trajectories. We are also working to develop a qualitative transition 
plan assessment for customers within this sector to assess the impact of their net-zero ambitions on future 
emissions profile. Refer to section 3.6. for customer decisioning framework and tools being developed. As these 
tools are developed and implemented, these are expected to support the identification of customer engagement 
initiatives to enhance commercial propositions as well as informing balance sheet mechanisms to further embed 
climate into decision-making.
 • Our suite of Climate and ESG products and services are key to support customers’ transition strategies. 
Teams across Commercial & Institutional collaborate to deliver a market-leading proposition to customers, to 
influence our customers’ decarbonisation journey and build deeper customer relationships.
 • Sustainable-linked lending for our Insurance and Private Finance customers acting as ESG coordinator 
focused on decarbonisation pathways.
 • Thought leadership including RBS International launching the ‘Pressure is mounting’ research report, 
surveying 125 industry influencers to understand the extent to which Alternative Investment Funds are adopting 
science-based targets and the barriers blocking their path.
 • Provision of regulatory advisory translating ‘green taxonomies’ into product solutions and ESG ratings 
advisory to assist our customers’ articulation of their climate ambitions.
 • Engaging with our FI customers on Carbonplace as a partner and/or participant.
External dependencies to support transition:
 • There is a dependency on the availability of granular customer-level climate data to enable FI customers 
to assess their Scope 3 emissions as well as develop transition plans.
 • Enablers could potentially include the establishment of an industry-wide methodology for FI Scope 3 
emissions accounting, as well as minimum reporting standards across all sectors.
Asset management:
Relates to investment products and services for retail customers across NatWest Group. Diversification across 
asset classes, sectors and countries plays an important role in our ability to provide suitable products for a broad 
range of retail investors, helping us manage risks such as liquidity and volatility. Our funds and portfolios are 
predominantly invested in (third-party) funds with limited direct exposure to equities and bonds. Part of our role as 
a globally diversified investor is to increase the speed at which companies are reducing their emissions and 
investing in climate solutions. As we invest in third-party funds, working with fund managers to align their products 
to a net-zero trajectory forms a core part of our Asset Management net-zero strategy.
Total NatWest Group AuM were £28.3 billion as at 31 December 2022 (£30.2 billion as at 31 December 2021).
Key products, services and business model changes to support decarbonisation include:
We focus on aligning our funds and discretionary portfolios with a net-zero trajectory, seeking out funds that we 
deem to have a credible plan to achieve net zero by 2050. We are working towards achieving our portfolio 
alignment targets, described in section 3.3, by: 
 • Designing our Net Zero Investment Framework, which uses qualitative and quantitative data sourced from 
fund managers to assess the credibility of their net-zero strategy, related commitments and progress made 
against these. This complements our carbon reduction targets by identifying datapoints that we consider to be 
indicators for future decarbonisation.
 • Embedding our net-zero ambition into our core investment products, by building a minimum allocation to 
assets that are already on a net-zero trajectory into the fund prospectus.
 • Leveraging our strategic relationship with BlackRock to build average annual decarbonisation into our 
Coutts ESG Insights funds, and developing a net-zero approach for our active Coutts funds.
 • Building net zero into our engagement activity with companies and funds and demonstrating our net zero 
ambition through our voting activity.
External dependencies to support transition:
 • As an investor in third-party funds, we are dependent on the asset management industry to design products 
that are aligned to net zero and have sufficient scale.
 • Voting and engagement is most effective if the asset management industry is moving jointly in the same 
direction. This requires consensus on engagement priorities and collaboration to set out standards and 
expectations around net zero.
 • As a global investor we need decarbonisation to happen on a global scale rather than in isolated geographic 
segments, therefore requiring not only national policy action, but supranational cooperation and global 
consensus around how net zero will be achieved. 
(1) Lending exposure to Financial institutions excluding Reverse Repurchase agreements and other short term lending.
45NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Supporting Germany’s first five-year 
green bond syndication
NatWest Markets facilitating responsible financing
In August 2022, the Federal Republic of Germany issued its first 
syndicated five-year green bond.
Following NatWest Markets lead managing the UK’s first green 
bond, it was mandated by Germany’s Finanzagentur – the central 
service provider for the Federal Republic of Germany’s borrowing 
and debt management – to support the syndication of its €5 billion 
five-year green bond. This was NatWest Markets’ first ever 
syndication for the German sovereign, and follows on from 
NatWest Markets leading the UK Government’s long-dated 
£6 billion green bond syndication in October 2021 and Italy’s 
€8.5 billion in March 2021.
Prior to issuance, NatWest Markets helped to establish a 
successful launch and take-up of the bonds. In particular, NatWest 
Markets facilitated strong engagement with ESG investors to 
achieve the issuer’s climate ambitions, especially with regard to 
the energy crisis being experienced in Europe.
Additionally, an extensive review of Germany’s ESG ratings proved 
to be a key area of engagement with the Finanzagentur. NatWest 
Markets helped benchmark Germany versus other European 
sovereigns to provide the client with an in-depth understanding of 
their rating and immediate actions that could be made to improve 
their score.
NatWest Markets facilitated strong engagement with ESG investors  
to achieve the issuer’s climate ambitions, especially with regard  
to the energy crisis being experienced in Europe.
NatWest Markets also reached out to gauge investors’ feedback 
on the transaction pre-launch. This ensured that queries 
or concerns were answered prior to launch facilitating a 
successful execution.
In terms of the investments that the bonds will be funding, the 
Finanzagentur’s Green Bond framework incorporates projects 
across five categories, with the majority of the sovereign’s current 
eligible expenditures focusing on climate change mitigation.
Importantly, it also dedicates a large proportion to biodiversity 
objectives, which account for 12% of identified expenditures.
The transportation sector attracts half of the eligible expenditures, 
including rail transport, road and modal shift to environmentally 
friendly transportation. The portion directed to renewable energy 
projects almost doubled prior to its initial green bond launch, 
incorporating measures ranging from energy efficiency to research 
and innovation in renewables.
Climate transition plan: Case study
46NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Powerful 
partnerships and collaborations – 
Industry engagement 
Area of activity Details of collaboration
Engagement to influence 
the net zero agenda
 • We are a founding member of GFANZ through which we collaborate with peers, policy makers and other stakeholders. Within GFANZ, NatWest Group’s CEO co-leads the sub-working group on 
Real Economy Transitions. Engagement is monthly through the Real Economy workstreams. Insight from this group supports the progress being made on the initial iteration of our Climate transition 
plan.
 • Established by the UK Treasury in 2022 and led by a steering group of business leaders including representatives from NatWest Group, the Transition Planning Taskforce (TPT) has a two-year 
mandate to develop guidance to help financial institutions and listed companies create transition plans. Our CEO sits on the steering group, enabling NatWest Group to support the development and 
implementation of the UK’s Sustainability Disclosure Requirements, supporting the standardisation of transition plans, which will drive commercial decarbonisation.
 • Throughout 2022 we continued to work with the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) to validate our 2030 sector emissions reduction targets. These targets underpin the initial iteration of our 
Climate transition plan, included within this report, guided by the work of GFANZ and the TPT.
 • NatWest Markets acted as co-ordinator of the newly established International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Sustainable Commercial Paper working group, contributing to the 
development of industry guidelines for this emerging asset class. We chaired the Financial Markets Standards Board (FMSB) ESG Ratings working group, producing a white paper examining 
ESG rating methodologies and engagement.
 • We are members of the Net Zero Asset Managers initiative (NZAM) and the Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change (IIGCC) to shape standards around net zero for the asset 
management industry
 • Aligned with TCFD recommendations, CDP is considered the global benchmark for corporate environmental reporting. NatWest Group achieved a B score in the 2022 CDP Climate Change Survey.
 • We are a founding member of the Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI), participating in the SMI’s Financial Services Taskforce. In 2022, the SMI awarded us the Terra Carta Seal to recognise 
our commitment to, and momentum towards, the creation of sustainable markets.
Embracing innovation to 
help accelerate change
 • NatWest Group is one of nine financial institutions that helped found and develop Carbonplace, a global first marketplace, which harnesses blockchain-enabled distributed ledger technology to 
enable the simple, secure, and transparent transfer of certified carbon credits.
 • As part of our ambition to help businesses benefit from the transition to net zero, we announced a new Clean Transport Accelerator hub in collaboration with the Warwick Manufacturing Group 
(WMG) at the University of Warwick, providing coaching, workspace and access to clean-energy, manufacturing and automotive experts.
 • In 2022, NatWest Group continued to partner with the Sustainable Food Trust (SFT) to support the development of the Global Farm Metric (GFM), a common framework of farm sustainability 
metrics and an accompanying assessment tool that will enable farmers to measure their environmental and social impact. 
Collaborations 
supporting 
decarbonisation
 • Our continued partnership with Octopus Energy in 2022 intends to make it simple for customers and colleagues to move to electric vehicles (EVs). In 2022, both individual and business customers 
have been able to have electric charging infrastructure installed at reduced cost.
 • Lombard has worked with Diode, an innovative technology start-up, to inform and support commercial customers looking to transition to EVs. The resulting Lombard EV Readiness Assessment 
helps businesses choose the right replacement vehicles for their fleet, helps employees to pick an EV to suit their lifestyle and shows potential running cost and CO2 savings across the business. The 
tool also provides information on expected charging infrastructure needs, which can be supported though our partnership with Octopus Energy.
 • Following the launch of the Sustainable Homes and Buildings Coalition’s first Home is Where the Heat Is report in October 2021, we launched a demonstrator project in April 2022, to illustrate 
the learnings and key challenges from a full retrofit journey across a spread of customer and housing types. Since then, we have worked together with British Gas, Worcester Bosch and retrofit 
partner Quidos Ltd to provide a fully funded end-to-end retrofit pilot. Announced through our second Home is Where the Heat Is report, launched at a Parliamentary event in October 2022, an 
interim report on the pilot included a summary of key findings and customer experiences so far, as well as five key policy asks of the UK Government.
 • NatWest Group is a founding member of a consortium including Pineapple, British Gas, Schneider Electric and Places For People. The consortium is working with a range of housing 
associations and local authorities to increase the scale of retrofit across the UK. The group aims to address the gaps in implementation capability, technical capacity and economic viability that 
cause failures in the market. NatWest Group is also supporting the environmental goals of the Greater Manchester Combined Authority Retrofit Taskforce, with an ambition to renovate 
887,000 homes, 700 local authority controlled schools and 2,700 public sector buildings as well as provide retrofit training to 80,000 existing construction workers. 
We know combating climate change must be a collaborative and wide-reaching effort. Our plan is to work collaboratively with our partners, stakeholders and peers to deliver our climate ambition, keeping in mind accordance with 
relevant anti-trust rules. During 2022, NatWest Group continued to engage with investors, non-governmental organisations (NGOs) and other key stakeholders on the actions we are taking to play our part in addressing the climate 
challenge.
Below we list some of the examples of how we’re partnering with others to unlock opportunities connected with the net zero transition. 
3.5
47NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: 
Education – colleague 
engagement 
In April 2022 we announced a three-year partnership with the University of Edinburgh, investing £1.5 million 
to make climate education available to all NatWest Group colleagues. This builds on our earlier successful 
collaboration with the University of Edinburgh Centre for Business, Climate Change and Sustainability (UoE 
B-CCaS) and seeks to support the evolution and growth of existing programmes. The renewed collaboration 
will deliver new awareness education to all colleagues across NatWest Group, as well as specialist learning to 
more than 16,000 people by the end of 2024.
Education as an enabler
We all have an important role to play in the transition to a 
more sustainable future. At NatWest Group, we recognise 
the importance of investing in our people to build the future 
skills and behaviours we need to realise our purpose.
With an initial focus on climate change and the environment, 
learning programmes have been designed at three different 
levels to enable colleagues to develop the capability relevant 
to them. The aim is to create a consistent language across 
our organisation, promoting better discussions, decision-
making and risk management, while facilitating good 
customer conversations to support their transition.
A tailored approach
Building on the success of previous education programmes, 
we continued to drive a One Bank approach, working with 
the business to listen, learn and evolve our approach 
centred on three key ambitions:
 • Providing easily accessible climate awareness learning, 
enabling people to take ownership and act.
 • Equip colleagues in priority roles with the capability 
to do their job, manage climate-related risks and 
support customers to transition.
 • Inspire climate action and innovation through learning, 
thought leadership and global outreach.
Developed using colleague insights and testing, we use a 
range of learning materials to engage colleagues including:
 • A blended mix of self-paced learning, delivered through 
multi-media bitesize content, complemented by live 
events to help activate and embed knowledge.
 • Content across a range of topics tailored to different job 
roles, areas of the bank and levels of experience.
 • Harnessing voices from across the business through 
interviews, case studies and live project examples to help 
colleagues understand the opportunities and challenges.
 • Tools for thinking and action – to aid discussion, analysis 
and behaviour change in team meetings and 
conversations with customers.
 • Promoting a culture of continuous learning by bringing 
peers together to share knowledge and best practice.
Enhancing capability, developing expertise
To re-baseline climate awareness and catalyse action across 
the organisation, driving further engagement and advocacy, 
this year we launched the Climate Change Fundamentals 
to 64,611(1) colleagues. Comprised of six bitesize digital 
modulesfeaturing micro lectures from the UoE B-CCaS, 
NatWest Group and industry experts, the content was 
designed to help colleagues connect climate change to their 
role, understand the potential impacts and the positive 
actions they can take both personally and professionally.
In addition, 610 colleagues completed the Climate Change 
Transformation Programme in 2022, bringing our cumulative 
total to 1,721 colleagues over the past years. This bespoke 
12-week programme, designed in partnership with UoE 
B-CCaS, gives colleagues the necessary knowledge to 
support our climate ambitions. The content helps to develop 
an understanding of and the ability to drive sustainable 
leadership, systems change, effective decision-making, risk 
management, managing client conversations and green 
innovation, building confidence and agency to take action.
Over 4,000 colleagues took part in our Sustainable 
Futures 101 awareness series covering topics including 
climate, biodiversity, oceans, transport and energy. 
This was led by our employee-led Sustainable Futures 
Network, which supports colleagues to engage with 
sustainability at a grass roots level.
(1)  Includes some types of contingent workers.
Commercial real estate
The UoE B-CCaS and NatWest Group 
worked with several industry partners 
including real estate expert Cushman and 
Wakefield to support the commercial real 
estate specialist training. Since launching in 
April 2022, 290 colleagues have completed 
the training which will continue in 2023.
After completing the programme more than 
90% of respondents agreed or strongly 
agreed that knowledge of climate change 
contributes to enhanced organisational 
resilience, better decisions, improved 
engagement with stakeholders and enhanced 
protection against business risks.
Key takeaways were:
 • The scale and urgency of the challenge
 • The impact of the real estate sector  
on climate change
 • What customers need to do to improve 
their energy performance
 • The impact of climate change and 
associated risks
Making a difference
Since going through the learning colleagues 
have stated actions taken as a result of the 
programme include:
 • Having meaningful conversations with 
customers to support their transition
 • Consideration of climate-related risks in 
decision-making
 • Cascading learning to team/colleagues
 • Changing personal habits and pursuing 
further learning on climate change
In one 2022 example, following completion of 
their sector training and ahead of a 
refinancing deal, a relationship manager 
supported a customer to develop a strategy 
for their property portfolio, giving them 
further awareness of climate-related risks 
and the regulatory roadmap.
The main impact from the programme 
was increased confidence and awareness. 
96% of respondents felt they had learned 
how their role and profession can aid in 
combating climate change and 86% felt 
better equipped to respond to and 
make decisions connected with climate 
change impacts.
64,000+(1)
NatWest Group colleagues gained access to 
our Climate Change Fundamentals training in 
January 2023, with six months to complete 
the 60-minute learning.
Sector spotlight:
546
colleagues completed sector-specific climate 
training across commercial real estate, retail 
and leisure, manufacturing and agriculture  
in 2022.
This year also saw the roll out of sector-specific climate training programmes 
across commercial real estate, retail and leisure and manufacturing, and 
a continuation of the agriculture programme launched in 2021, supporting 
relationship managers and risk roles to build their knowledge, skills 
and confidence.
48NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Government and 
policy engagement 
As noted in section 3.4 there is a significant dependency on timely and appropriate government policies as well as on our customers and society to respond.
Given the dependence on timely and appropriate government policies to support our climate ambitions – and those 
of our customers - engagement with the UK Government is key part of our strategy to support the transition net 
zero. Given macro instability in the external environment and the ongoing cost of living crisis, we have focused our 
engagement on heat and buildings and food security, given these sectors have most impact on the day to day lives 
of our customers and that there is significant potential for further evolution of government policy in this space to 
support the transition to Net Zero. 
NatWest Group also provided extensive input into the Independent Review of Net Zero led by Chris Skidmore MP, 
commissioned by the previous Prime Minister, Rt. Hon Liz Truss MP. NatWest Group welcomed the review, which 
concluded that net zero is the growth opportunity for this century, with the UK well-placed to take advantage, with 
the potential for 480,000 jobs supported by the transition by 2030. The report makes 129 recommendations across 
a wide range of issues of strategic importance to NatWest Group, including Transition Plans, support for SMEs, 
Transport, Agriculture, Skills and Carbon Markets. The review makes several recommendations on energy 
efficiency in line with NatWest Group’s own policy advocacy. Through our work on developing our climate transition 
plan, we have developed a view on key policies required to support homeowners to decarbonise. The policy work is 
supported by regular engagement with the UK Government and other political and industry stakeholders to inform 
and develop effective policy. The key NatWest Group policy asks on home energy efficiency are: 
 • Public awareness campaign on energy efficiency measures; 
 • Investment signals, including local area energy planning; 
 • All homes sold must be rated EPC C+ by 2033; 
 • Support low interest loans to help households improve their performance; and, 
 • Introduce an energy saving stamp duty rebate. 
In 2022, we also worked alongside the UK Government to support the UK Pavilion at COP 27 and hosted high 
profile events with customers and partners like the Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) and WWF. In addition, we 
published our second thought leadership report, A Springboard to Sustainable Recovery(1), that highlights a 
£175 billion+ revenue opportunity for the UK economy between now and 2030 through the transition to Net Zero. 
Furthermore, we continued to be an active participant in The Sustainable Homes and Buildings Coalition. During Q4 
2022, the Coalition published its Home Its Home is where the Heat Is: Progress Report(1) , which reiterates the 
Coalition’s call to the government to make energy efficiency a national priority. The report was delivered on the 
19th October 2022 to politicians, industry-leading figures, and charity representatives. 
During 2023, we will continue to work with the UK Government as well as peers and industry partners to support 
our customers’ and the UK’s decarbonisation journey.
‘The need for further action is clear. For all the UK’s 
successes and clear ambition shown by government, it is not 
on track to deliver on all of its commitments according to the 
latest progress report by the CCC, which shows risks across 
most sectors – but particularly agriculture, aviation, waste, 
and buildings decarbonisation.’
Mission Zero, Independent Review of Net Zero Report by Rt Hon Chris Skidmore MP,  
published in January 2023
Note:
  During 2022, NatWest Group made no political donations, not incurred any political expenditure in the UK or EU. For further details see 
page 174 of the 2022 NatWest Group plc Annual Report and Accounts.  
(1) These reports (i) have been prepared by NatWest Group for information and reference purposes only; (ii) are intended to provide 
non-exhaustive, indicative and general information only; (iii) do not purport to be comprehensive; and (iv) do not provide any form of legal, 
tax, investment, accounting, financial or other advice. The key findings, estimates and projections in these reports are based on various 
industry and other information and are based on assumptions and estimates and the result of market research, and are not statements 
of historical fact. Whilst the information of these reports is believed to be reliable, it has not been independently verified by NatWest Group 
and NatWest Group makes no representation or warranty (express or implied) of any kind, as regards the accuracy or completeness of 
this information, nor does it accept any responsibility or liability for any loss or damage arising in any way from any use made of or 
reliance placed on, this information. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts, or estimates included in these reports are solely  
those of the NatWest Group Economics Department, as of this date and are subject to change without notice.
49NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
3.6 Climate transition plan: Embedding climate 
in decision-making
To continue to further evolve the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan and identify further 
opportunities to support our commercial customers’ transition to net zero, we are developing a 
customer level decisioning framework and tools within Commercial & Institutional, which will 
continue to be advanced and tested during 2023.
These tools complement the existing tools, frameworks and balance sheet steering mechanisms in 
place, to support the decarbonisation of our lending and investment portfolio.
These tools include:
 • Customer Transition Plan Assessment (CTPA): this is designed as a Relationship Manager-led assessment of 
customer transition plans, tailored for customer segments and sectoral differences. We plan to leverage existing 
customer engagement touch points and propositions to gather information around maturity of customers’ 
transition plans. This assessment will help us understand where the customer is in their climate transition 
journey and opportunities for NatWest Group to support them to transition. Climate actions to date and 
changes in emissions profile, forward-looking decarbonisation targets, governance and actions in place to 
execute transition plans will be factored into the CTPA. In late 2022 and early 2023, we launched a small-scale 
test and learn approach with a small numbers of customers to ensure the framework we develop is fit-for-
purpose. This will continue to be refined throughout 2023.
 • Climate risk scorecards: During 2022, we worked on developing a more quantitative methodology to enhance 
the existing qualitative climate risk scorecards, already in use. The methodology is designed to assess the 
inherent level of physical and transition risk the customer faces and considers their ability to mitigate transition 
risk, using insights from the CTPA. We will use the insights provided by this tool to understand the degree of 
climate-related risk faced by our customers and how they can best mitigate these risks. For further details see 
section 4.2.
 • Internal Carbon Pricing (ICP): This is an internal management framework to embed climate in decision-
making, including decisions related to lending transactions, with an aim to support customers’ transition. In its 
fully developed state, ICP will be assessed based on customer emissions profiles coupled with their transition 
potential based on individual CTPA assessments. In 2022, we started to test this framework at a sector level 
and will continue to refine the approach, methodology and framework during 2023.
The development, testing and evolution of the customer-level decisioning framework and tools will continue during 
2023. Once fully developed, our intention is to utilise these tools in supporting business decisions (such as 
transaction acceptance standards), capital allocation and pricing decisions, portfolio risk appetite measures as well 
as credit decisions.
During 2022 Commercial & Institutional also continued to enhance pricing frameworks to factor in purpose 
and climate considerations. These enhancements and frameworks ensure NatWest Group continues to 
provide support and incentivises businesses to help address the climate challenge and to reshape the 
Commercial & Institutional portfolio towards more sustainable transactions and sectors.
 • For our SME customers, enhancements were made to Invoice Finance and Trade Loan pricing 
frameworks. These enhancements provide pricing discounts for customers within sub-sectors most 
closely aligned to our purpose and climate ambitions and overall strategic objectives. These 
enhancements build on our SME Loan and Overdraft pricing frameworks, which were aligned to our 
climate goals in 2021.
 • For Corporate customers we continue to allocate a reduced level of capital for customers and 
transactions that align to our purpose and climate ambitions. This allows for more competitive pricing.
Enhanced pricing frameworks 
50NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate transition plan: Our own operations
 • We are targeting to achieve net zero by 2050 for our operational value chain(1) emissions covering Scopes 1, 2 
and all relevant categories in Scope 3. For further detail on our operational value chain please see section 5.4.
 • For our own operations, this means aiming to reduce by 50% our direct own operations(2) by 2025 and our 
operational value chain by 2030, with a minimum 90% reduction by 2050. We plan to neutralise the residual 
10% through the use of carbon credits in line with ‘SBTi Corporate Net Zero Standard’ released in October 
2021. This phased approach is shown in our road map below.
 • We purchased and retired 120,000 carbon removal credits, assured under the Verified Carbon Standard (VCS), 
and Triple Gold certified to the Climate, Community & Biodiversity Alliance Standards (CCBA) to invest beyond 
our value chain, and provide benefits to climate, especially those that generate additional co-benefits for people 
and nature.
 • In accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, our emission reduction targets are not achieved through the 
use of carbon credits. Carbon credits will only be used to neutralise the remaining 10% of our 2050 target once 
reductions have been achieved.
 • Reductions are calculated using the location-based methodology, as such they do not include the use of 
renewable electricity certificates to reduce emissions.
 • We achieved 46% carbon reduction in our direct own operations (location-based) and are reporting our 
upstream and downstream operational value chain for the first time this year.
 • Projects completed during the reporting year will provide annual energy savings of 15.4 GWh(*) and cost savings 
of £2.4 million(*).
 • Approval and accountability of our own operational emissions lies with our executives, including Director 
of Productivity, and up to C-Suite Board members.
 • Our operational emission reductions are linked to remuneration. For further information, please see the 
remuneration section of our 2022 Annual Report and Accounts.
For further detail on 2022 progress against our key own operational metrics and targets, as well as detail on 
specific initiatives, please see section 5.4. 
(1) Our operational value chain captures greenhouse gas emissions Scopes 1, 2 and 3 (Categories 1-14, excluding Categories 8, 10, 14). Category 15 is discussed in section 5.5.
(2) Our direct own operations are greenhouse gas emissions from Scopes 1, 2 and 3 (paper, water, waste, business travel, commuting and working from home).
(3) The SBTi recommends that companies invest to mitigate emissions beyond their value chain while they transition towards a state of net zero emissions. In accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, our emission reductions are not achieved through the use of carbon credits. 
(*) Within scope of EY assurance. Refer to page 10.
2019 2021 2025 2030 2050
Baseline year 50%(3) reduction 
direct own 
operations
50%(3) reduction 
operational  
value chain
Net zero carbon 
90%(3) reduction in all emissions. 
We plan to neutralise remaining 
10% using carbon credits
Net-zero road map for our own operations
2022
46% reduction  
direct own operations. 
Report upstream and  
downstream emissions
Invest in carbon credits to mitigate 
emissions beyond our value chain 
while transitioning towards a state 
of net zero emissions
Plan risks and assumptions Mitigation/Action
Availability and cost of renewable electricity 
certificates as well as carbon credits.
Investing beyond our value chain and agreeing 
corporate power purchase agreements (cPPAs). In 
2022 NatWest Group committed to cPPAs expected 
to generate 59% of NatWest Group’s electricity 
demand in the UK by 2024.
Technological availability of electric vehicles and 
other green technology such as solar panels.
Assess electric vehicle lease and need to  
order vehicles in a timeline that mitigates the 
anticipated lag. 
Low data accuracy could lead to misreporting 
of own operations emissions figures. 
Robust internal controls processes and audit of 
NatWest Group own operational emissions, which 
are subject to third-party assurance.
Changes in government regulations and 
requirements, and availability of guidelines for 
compliance.
Monitoring of requirements and working with 
industry experts to advise on upcoming changes. 
Example: Updating our targets inline with the ‘SBTi 
Corporate Net Zero Standard’ published at COP26.
Our business size and scope do not alter 
significantly, as baseline recalculation may 
result in differing emissions reductions.
Any significant changes in our operations, size or 
scope will result in a recalculation of our baseline. 
Our materiality threshold is 5%.
More information on our assumptions, uncertainties and challenges in executing the initial iteration of our Climate 
transition plan can be found in our Carbon Reduction Plan required under PPN 06/21 can be found on our website.
3.7
51NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
A sustainable mindset
Embracing sustainable design for our branches
We know that achieving our overall climate ambition 
means significantly reducing emissions from our direct 
own operations. Making our branches more 
sustainable is a vital part of this.
Since 2020, we have been on a journey to improve 
and embed sustainable practices across all our 
branch locations.
This has included improving the EPC ratings of our 
buildings for better energy efficiency, the reuse of 
furniture to minimise waste, and the use of natural 
biodegradable or recycled and recyclable materials. 
In addition, LED lighting is being deployed 
throughout our branches as standard to further 
reduce energy consumption.
In 2021, we delivered our first sustainable hub 
in Bristol: a dynamic space providing a safe 
and relaxing environment, focused on accessibility and 
supporting vulnerable customers, and which achieved 
the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors’ SKA Silver 
accreditation(1). 
Importantly, this also provided valuable insights 
into the practices we can deploy elsewhere 
in other branches.
Since then, we have completed a further four 
sustainable hubs, all of which have also achieved 
the SKA Silver accreditation and, importantly, 
helped us to evolve our learning each time.
We have recently completed refurbishments at 
our Milton Keynes branch and in our drive towards 
more circular thinking we continue to maximise the 
use of pre-loved furniture and recycled materials, as 
well as implementing technology such as heat pumps 
and building management systems to assist with 
reducing energy requirements. This includes daylight 
energy saving lighting systems and timing clocks for 
external signage and marketing digital displays.
But our ambition is to do more. We will continue 
to improve our design practices and use only the 
most sustainable suppliers and materials with an aim 
of achieving Gold SKA accreditation in early 2023.
(1) The SKA assessment scheme assesses the environmental 
impact of refurbishments and fitouts.
Since 2020, we have  
been on a journey to 
improve and embed 
sustainable practices 
across all our 
branch locations. 
Climate transition plan: Case study
52NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
How we identify, assess, and manage 
climate-related risk, including scenario analysis.
In this section
4.1 How climate-related risks are integrated into NatWest Group’s 
risk management processes
4.2 Our processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risk
4.2a Scenario analysis
4.3 Managing our exposure to climate-related risk
4
 Risk management 
and scenario 
analysis
53NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
NatWest Group’s pathway to integration of climate risk
During 2022 we continued to mature the integration of climate-related risk 
within NatWest Group’s risk management processes. Climate risk was first 
included as a principal risk in the NatWest Group risk directory in early 2021 
alongside an iterative multi-year approach for full integration. The timing of this 
multi-year journey reflects both the complexity of the task and evolving nature 
of climate data capabilities and supporting tooling.
In 2021, we achieved the first-generation implementation of climate risk 
maturity through application of predominantly qualitative approaches, 
concentrated within priority sectors or customers.
In 2022, we enhanced our level of maturity through:
 • an increase in the application of quantitative analysis;
 • increased utilisation of data within decision-making, risk monitoring and  
risk reporting; and
 • extending the scope of application, resulting in limited gaps in coverage, 
across heightened climate-related risk sectors and the customers within.
Examples of 2022 enhancements include:
 • Increased application of quantitative climate scenario analysis, used to 
identify and assess potential climate-related risk impacts upon market risk, 
pension risk and conduct risk.
 • Utilisation and further development of a suite of key risk indicators, with 
transition underway to operational limits, which have been developed to 
determine the boundaries that would result in potential risk exposure 
outside thresholds, and used to inform climate risk reporting.
 • Enhancements to risk appetite measures used for monitoring and reporting 
to Board Risk Committee. New measures were developed in 2022 to 
provide a focus on monitoring progress towards decarbonisation, both for 
financing activities and our own operations. These are intended to reflect 
the correlation with climate-related risk exposure and a deviation from 
intended transition pathways.
How climate-related risks are 
integrated into NatWest Group’s risk 
management processes
The image below represents our journey to fully embedding climate risk management within business activities and processes, 
including target state and ongoing progress.
Full  
Integration
Systematic application of 
advanced climate analytics, 
informing risk assessments and 
scenario analysis
Systematic updates to 
quantified climate-related 
risk factors, which inform 
limits and pricing
Climate risk 
comprehensively 
included as a 
quantified risk 
factor within 
lending and risk 
decision-making
Comprehensive, 
reliable 
quantified 
reporting of 
risks inclusive of 
climate-related 
risk factors
Identification and Assessment
Reporting
Monitoring
M
anagem
ent and M
itigation
Climate risk is the risk of financial loss or adverse 
non-financial impacts associated with climate change 
and the political, economic, and environmental 
responses to it.
4.1
2022
Increased use of 
quantification in risk 
assessments with 
enhanced analytics 
capabilities started to 
be developed e.g., 
climate scorecards
2022
Decision-making informed 
by initial quantified risk 
impact analysis e.g., 
opportunities identified to 
support transition as part 
of the initial iteration of our 
Climate transition plan, 
considered against 
risk appetite
2022
Regular monitoring 
using initial 
quantitative measures 
and data points to 
review exposure and 
adequacy of response 
e.g., suite of quarterly 
key climate 
risk indicators
2022
Enhanced reporting 
covers areas of risk 
concern across all 
material sectors and 
portfolios e.g., use of 
quantified measures 
within Board Risk 
Committee updates
First generation implementation  
within decision-making
Iterative advancements in capabilities 
and coverage of application
Full integration within risk  
management and decision-making
54NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate risk can arise through either physical, 
transition or liability risks. The resultant 
impacts translate to several risks which are 
characterised, assessed and managed by 
NatWest Group.
Climate risk is considered relatively significant where 
NatWest Group‘s exposure to a principal risk could be 
taken outside of appetite due to climate-related risk 
factors. Where this is identified, enhancements are 
required to the respective risk framework, so it is 
adequate to respond to climate-related risk. 
The following drivers are considered when 
assessing potential climate-related risks:
Our processes for identifying  
and assessing climate-related risk
4.2
During 2022, we reviewed and refreshed our 
assessment of the relative significance of climate-
related risk factors to other principal risks. This 
assessment used the judgement of risk subject matter 
experts combined with scenario analysis, increased 
granularity of climate data, as well as improved 
understanding of evolving regulatory guidance, to 
understand the current and potential impact of 
physical and transition climate-related risk as a causal 
factor to other principal risks.
Climate-related factors were identified as 
having a relatively significant impact on the 
following five principal risks(1):
 • credit risk
 • operational risk
 • reputational risk
 • conduct risk
 • regulatory compliance risk.
Details of our progress on enhancements to risk 
frameworks for these principal risks are found in the 
table on the following page.
Climate-related risk impact as a causal factor to  
other principal risks will be regularly reassessed  
and managed through the annual refresh of the 
enterprise-wide risk management framework and  
its individual components. 
Details of how climate risk has been sized and scoped 
for each of the relatively significant principal risks, and 
how frameworks have been improved in response, 
can be found throughout this section of this report. 
Climate change is also considered as part of NatWest 
Group’s top threats framework, for further details see 
the risk overview section of the 2022 NatWest Group 
plc Annual Report and Accounts.
Liability risks can arise if stakeholders consider our climate risk 
management practises and disclosures insufficient and 
responsible for, or attributable to, stakeholder losses.
Acute Chronic
Transition risks arises from the transition to net zero and may 
arise through changes to market, technology, policy, and 
legislation.
Physical risks arise from the acute and chronic physical effects 
of climate change on business operations, workforce, 
communities, investors, markets, infrastructure, and assets.
Market
Liability 
Risks
Government Policy 
and Legislation
ReputationTechnology
Liability Risks
Physical Risks
Transition Risks
(1) Definitions of principal risks can be found in risk and capital 
management section of the 2022 NatWest Group plc Annual 
Report and Accounts.
55NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate impact 
on principal risk
Climate 
drivers
Horizon Progress to date (enhancements in 2022 are in bold) Next steps 
Credit risk
Adverse impact upon future credit 
worthiness of customers due to climate 
change risk factors impacting asset 
valuation, income, and costs.
Medium – Long
 • Completed the development and launch of qualitative climate risk scorecards, which now cover 
approximately 90% of wholesale Exposure at Default(1).
 • Work commenced to develop and pilot a more quantitative and automated climate risk scorecard, 
incorporating scenario analysis and the customer transition plan assessment (CTPA) - see section 3.6 for 
further details.
 • Established an increasingly quantitative methodology for the identification and assessment of heightened 
climate-related risk sectors and subsectors.
 • Enhanced assessment of transition and physical climate-related risk impacting commercial real estate and 
the residential mortgage portfolio.
 • Climate-related operational limits have been established and are monitored within the residential mortgage portfolio.
 • Qualitative climate risk scorecard review 
and recalibration activity.
 • Continued development and launch of a 
more quantitative climate risk scorecard.
 • Increased utilisation of heightened 
climate-related risk sector outputs in 
frameworks and tools.
 • Application of climate-informed limits 
reflecting risk profile and transition plans.
Operational risk
Increased likelihood, and potential impact 
of business disruption events, and/or 
those arising from new and changing 
policy standards.
Short – Medium – Long
 • Non-financial risk scenarios were conducted during 2020 and 2021 covering flood and extreme heat events. 
Financial and customers impacts from business disruption were assessed as not significant due to adequate existing 
recovery controls.
 • Enhanced control environment supporting climate-related financial and non-financial disclosures.
 • Ensured application of NatWest Group data management control standards on sourced climate-related data.
 • Ongoing enhancements to Risk and Control Self-Assessment guidance and Change Impact Assessments to 
include climate risk considerations.
 • Continue to enhance and monitor process 
and control standards to support 
developing non-financial data and 
reporting.
 • Continued oversight of climate data 
controls.
 • Ongoing consideration of the approach 
and frequency of scenario exercises 
considering climate-related risks.
Conduct risk
Customer detriment arising from the 
impacts of climate change including 
changes to financial stability or general 
wellbeing, which will either be supported 
or exacerbated by NatWest Group’s 
conduct.
Short – Medium – Long
 • Evaluation of non-financial risk scenario relating to greenwashing – see page 62.
 • Product risk standards reviewed to ensure adequate inclusion of climate-related risk drivers.
 • Consideration of climate-related risk factors in development of updated operational policies to support 
management relating to product design and customers in vulnerable situations.
 • Product governance processes enhanced to include climate risk considerations.
 • Review control standards relative to the 
non-financial risk scenario. 
Reputational risk
Risk of damage to NatWest Group’s 
reputation arising from perceived impact 
on climate change or adequacy of actions 
taken in response when compared 
against ambitions and progress made  
by peers.
Short – Medium – Long
 • Reviewed Risk Acceptance Criteria, where applicable, for sectors exposed to heightened climate-related 
risk e.g., oil and gas during 2022 and with further updates in 2023, see page 41.
 • Environmental, Social and Ethical sector reviews completed for all sectors exposed to heightened climate risk.
 • Continued evolution and monitoring of 
Environmental, Social and Ethical Risk 
Acceptance Criteria in accordance with 
framework.
Regulatory
compliance risk
Specific regulatory expectations 
associated with climate risk to support 
regulatory requirements.
Short – Medium – Long
 • NatWest Group regularly considers existing and emerging regulatory requirements, related to climate 
change, for example Dear CEO and Dear CFO letters and IFRS9 assessment, with updates reviewed 
regularly by the Executive Steering Group.
 • External horizon scanning and monitoring of emerging regulatory requirements is completed by Legal, Governance 
and Regulatory Affairs.
 • Climate-related regulatory requirements are captured within strategic rules mapping tool.
 • Maintain response to emerging regulatory 
requirements.
(1) Excludes Sovereign exposure, where we apply the Country Climate Change Vulnerability Index to assess the level of climate risk, and Central Items relating to liquidity management activities.
Our processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risk continued
This table provides highlights of key progress and priorities for the principal risks with relatively significant impacts from climate risk. To provide comprehensive assessment of risks to NatWest Group’s strategy, scenario analysis has been 
used to assess the impacts to the following principal risks: conduct risk, operational risk, pension risk, market risk, liquidity and funding risk and capital risk – see section 4.2a. While climate change has the potential to pose significant risks, 
it also offers NatWest Group a range of opportunities to support customer transition to net zero. For details of our climate-related opportunities, see section 3.1 of this report.
56NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Our processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risk continued
NatWest Group’s climate risk policy and defined maturity standards were reviewed during 2022 and enhanced to ensure that it continues to accurately reflect the risk management principles which 
NatWest Group is aiming to achieve to manage climate-related risk effectively. In line with policy, NatWest Group seeks to effectively identify and assess climate-related risks through three principles:
1. Undertaking scenario analysis to 
understand the potential impacts of 
climate-related risks
2. Identifying segments of our portfolio and operations with heightened climate-
related risk exposure
3. Assessing individual customer’s and supplier’s climate-related risk exposure
We conducted a range of scenario 
analyses during 2022:
 • CBES
 • Conduct risk
 • Pension risk
 • Market risk
 • Capital risk
 • Liquidity and funding risk.
We have continued to develop our internal 
scenario analysis capabilities to reduce 
dependence on third-party models.
Details of this and our broader 
scenario analysis work can be 
found in section 4.2a
We have developed an increasingly quantitative methodology to consistently identify 
and assess sectors and subsectors exposed to heightened climate-related risk.
 • During 2022, a granular review of climate-related risk exposure was completed at a subsector level, 
reflecting the variability of subsector exposure to climate-related risk within a sector.
 • The quantitative subsector level outputs from climate scenario analysis form the foundations of the 
methodology. For the latest assessment, the No Additional Action and Late Action scenarios used in 
our internal scenario analysis, carried out to support participation in the CBES exercise, were the 
starting point to assess subsector exposure to physical risk and transitional risk respectively. For 
descriptions of these scenarios see page 59. 
 • Other climate data available to NatWest Group was then applied to provide additional insight of 
physical and transition risk exposure. These additional data considerations include external sector 
transition risk assessments and supply chain dependencies on trade with countries subject to physical 
risks. We also considered the financed emissions rate for the subsector.
 • This approach identified 44 subsectors exposed to heightened climate-related risk, increasing to 47 
within 17 wholesale sectors, following a qualitative overlay applied by internal subject matter experts.
 • The development of this enhanced, granular view of climate-related risk exposure at subsector level 
creates potential for more robust consideration of climate-related risk during customer decisioning 
processes.
 • Note, underlying exposures for leveraged funds and securitisations are generally diversified, and as 
such we look to manage any climate-related risks at client level, rather than classifying entire sectors 
as exposed to heightened climate-related risk. In addition, securitisations are primarily managed as 
an asset class within NatWest Group, rather than via sector frameworks. As a result, leveraged fund 
and securitisations were excluded from our assessment.
 • See section 5.1 for further details of lending exposure to sectors and subsectors identified as 
heightened.
We use climate risk scorecards to provide a consistent and structured approach for 
assessing customer-specific exposure to climate-related risks.
 • Having launched initial qualitative climate risk scorecards in 2021, during 2022 we rolled out 
additional scorecards across the wholesale portfolio aligned to underlying PD models. Qualitative 
scorecards now cover approximately 90% of the wholesale Exposure at Default(1).
 • The insights generated by the qualitative scorecards allow us to better assess climate-related risks and 
potential opportunities to support transition, at both a wholesale portfolio and individual wholesale 
customer level. To support this, a visualisation tool for use by colleagues in interpreting the scorecard 
data outputs has been developed in 2022. This is the starting point to allow us to identify, assess and 
manage climate-related risk and to provide the right support to customers. While current capabilities 
do not yet impact internal ratings based (IRB) credit metrics, this capability development is part of a 
multi-year journey to mature our approach to climate risk management.
 • In parallel with the roll-out of qualitative climate risk scorecards, over 2022 the Group has started to 
develop a more quantitative and automated climate risk scorecard methodology. This approach 
takes the insights from the development and implementation of the initial suite of scorecards and builds 
upon this by making better use of existing climate risk analytics capabilities e.g., climate risk scenario 
analysis.
 • The outputs continue to be a relative, rather than absolute, measure of physical and transition risk. The 
methodology intends to separately assesses the inherent level of climate-related risk a customer may 
face and considers their ability to mitigate and adapt. For example, the design of the climate risk 
scorecard looks to incorporate the outputs of the Customer Transition Plan Assessment to assess 
transition risk mitigation - see section 3.6. 
 • From 2023 NatWest Group will start to expand the methodology across the majority of the wholesale 
portfolio and once fully developed, we aim for it to be used within credit decisioning.
We periodically assess the exposure of the Retail Banking mortgage portfolio to both 
transition and physical climate-related risks
 • Throughout the year we have monitored EPC ratings and the insurance risk of properties we finance 
separately for owner occupied and buy-to-let properties, as well as for new business and overall 
cumulative mortgage lending.
 • We have used the outputs of scenario analysis – see section 4.2a, along with regulatory feedback to 
evaluate the data monitored to identify trends and assess the need for further mitigating actions.
 • Through engaging with external commercial suppliers, we have enhanced our data using digital EPCs 
and are assessing the use of this data for use where EPC data has not been gathered, either through 
new business with customers or from the government EPC register. 
We have conducted sustainability assessments on our suppliers
 • The NatWest Group Supplier Charter sets out our aims and expectations against core ESG pillars, 
including climate. The charter is covered in our tender process and is a standing agenda item at 
supplier meetings and as part of ongoing contract management.
 • Carbon emissions within our supply chain present a risk to NatWest Group meeting its climate 
commitments, and equally, decarbonisation has the potential to reduce supply chain exposure to 
transition risks meaning suppliers remain competitive and resilient. Details of how we monitor this can 
be found in section 5.4.
 • To manage the risk, we are initiating work to understand supplier capability to transition to net zero 
and identify where support is required to progress. This forms part of a multi-year journey working in 
partnership with our suppliers. This will include providing resources to help build the capability they 
need to measure and report their own emissions. This data will enable us to monitor the climate impact 
of our own operational value chain, and to identify any vulnerabilities in our supply chain which could 
impact resilience and our net zero ambition.
(1) Excludes Sovereign exposure, where we apply the Country Climate Change Vulnerability Index to assess the level of climate risk, and Central Items relating to liquidity management activities.
57NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate scenario analysis is a critical tool to support the identification of climate-related 
opportunities, management of climate-related risks and understanding of the impact that climate 
change could have on NatWest Group, the wider economy and society.
modelling the impacts of climate-related risk. Scenario analysis is a central part of how we monitor and manage 
our risk profile and our aim is to use analytics to support decision-making at both customer and strategic portfolio 
levels, recognising this will take several years to fully mature as models, methodologies and data evolve. We are 
actively developing ‘in-house’ modelling capabilities to reduce reliance on third-party models, while retaining 
specialist input to ensure NatWest Group is at the forefront of the evolving discipline of climate risk management. In 
addition to the Transition Risk Calculator - see page 31, in 2022, our focus has been on:
Corporate transition risk counterparty modelling: 
We commenced the build of a flexible, internal, corporate transition risk modelling capability to:  
 • Provide inputs to our heightened climate-related risk sectors selection process, climate risk scorecards, 
and other future internal use cases.
 • Meet future regulatory stress testing requirements.
 • Reduce our reliance on third-party modelling providers and incorporate best practices identified during the 
CBES exercise.
We intend to implement these models during 2023, with planned scenario analysis to be executed to support 
internal use cases and model assurance.
Sectoral scenario modelling: In 2022, NatWest Group also developed commercial and corporate probability of 
default models that provide insights on the impact of climate-related transition risk at a sector level using our 
corporate Transition Risk Calculator as inputs. In 2023, we intend to use this modelling approach for:
 • ICAAP: Our 2021 ICAAP assessment included a forward-looking view of our capital adequacy under a scenario 
leveraging the CBES Late Action scenario, featuring a disruptive transition. Our approach will be enhanced for 
the 2022 ICAAP exercise to utilise our sectoral scenario modelling to embed transition risk within the 
macroeconomic variables. This will help capture the risk where we are exposed to sectors expected to be 
impacted more by climate-related transition risk.
 • IFRS9: The Transition Risk Calculator gives us the capability to translate a forward view of climate policy into 
sector level macroeconomic impacts. In 2022, we enhanced our capabilities to incorporate this into our IFRS9 
processes. As covered in more detail on page 306 of the 2022 NatWest Group plc Annual Report and Accounts, 
we expect to finalise our review and incorporate this into the Expected Credit Loss (ECL) calculation in 2023, 
once further testing and checks are completed. A key part of this is determining that any adjustment resulting 
from the inclusion of new climate-related inputs does not double count or omit credit losses arising from other 
inputs.
If we had applied this information as at 31 December 2022 it would have resulted in a potential increase in ECL 
of less than £25 million. We expect that the effect of climate costs on ECL will increase as government policy, 
organisations and individuals react to changes in climate as well as the probable increased occurrence of 
climate-related loss events, such as flooding and wildfire.
 • Strategic planning: Using our sectoral scenario modelling, we plan to integrate our central view on the 
evolution of climate transition policy over the planning horizon within the core macroeconomic scenarios used 
as part of our annual financial planning process.
Embedding climate in customer and portfolio decision-making: Climate risk scenario analysis gives us detailed 
insights into the distribution of physical and transition climate-related risk across, and within, sectors. To support 
integration of climate scenario outcomes into customer-level risk management and decision-making, we have 
incorporated these within the process to identify heightened climate-related risk sectors - see sections 4.2 and 
5.1, and the assessment of customer-level climate-related risk through climate risk scorecards - see sections 3.6 
and 4.2.
Physical risk and real asset modelling: In 2022, we began the development of our in-house physical risk and real 
asset modelling capabilities, which we expect to complete in 2023. While these models are developed, we retain the 
capability to use our existing physical climate risk scenario analytics to support risk management and decision-
making in these areas, for example in the Transition Risk Calculator.
Scenario Analysis4.2a
The resilience of NatWest Group’s strategy, taking into consideration different 
climate-related scenarios
During 2022, we continued to develop our internal scenario analysis tools and core strategic climate 
risk modelling capabilities to embed within our existing risk management processes. This builds on our 
work in 2021 and 2022, in running our internal scenario analysis for participation in the Bank of 
England’s CBES exercise, using a combination of our internal models and third-party models. This work 
allowed us to assess our exposure to climate-related risk across our lending book and provided insights 
which we continue to incorporate within our climate strategy and used to inform work on the initial 
iteration of our Climate transition plan.
One of the key lessons from this work is that while climate-related risks could potentially amplify other 
risk drivers, for example resulting in effects such as the erosion of competitiveness, profitability, or 
reputational damage, overall NatWest Group is resilient to these risks, within the context of the 
scenarios tested. We will continue to monitor and manage this through our enterprise-wide risk 
management framework. This is consistent with the PRA’s aggregate findings from the CBES exercise, 
published in July 2022, and justifies our continued focus on the measurement, management, and 
monitoring of climate-related risks.
A priority area of focus for NatWest Group in 2022 has been the continued enhancement of how we 
incorporate climate risk into our capital adequacy assessment process (ICAAP) and strategic planning 
process. This ensures that we have sufficient capital for the most material source of climate-related risk 
over the capital planning horizon. This analysis complements the longer-term analysis carried out for 
the CBES and other internal scenario analysis, to give us a view on NatWest Group’s overall resilience 
to climate-related risks on a short (<5 years) and medium-to-long term (5-30 year) horizon. In 2022, 
we also conducted scenario analysis on other principal risks including market risk, liquidity risk, conduct 
risk and pension risk, which is outlined later in this section. NatWest Group continues to expand and 
enhance its use of climate risk scenario analysis and we recognise that this is a multi-year journey to 
full maturity, with models and methodologies being refined as best practice evolves and data improves.
In this section we focus on the key developments and achievements in our scenario analysis capability 
build in 2022 and the key regulatory and internal use cases which drive our focus.
NatWest Group recognises a number of key use cases for climate scenario analysis.
These include supporting strategic decision-making via our planning processes and supporting customer level 
decisions via risk management across the customer lifecycle process. Scenario analysis use cases continue to 
develop across risk management practices through portfolio management and sector and subsector risk appetite, 
as well as identifying opportunities to support customers through products and pricing. Climate risk is also now an 
important part of the regulatory stress testing toolkit.
NatWest Group is continuing to make progress in embedding climate risk analytics as 
appropriate across customer journeys and in supporting decision-making at customer and 
strategic portfolio levels.
In response to internal use cases and 2022 regulatory feedback and guidance, NatWest Group has focused on 
development of scenarios, modelling infrastructure and data to meet our current and potential requirements for
58NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Scenario Analysis continued
Insights from climate risk scenario analysis that informed our work in 2022
Our internal climate scenario analysis, carried out to support participation in the CBES exercise, considered 
projected credit losses for three climate pathways over a 30-year time horizon (2021-2050) under a static balance 
sheet assumption. The scenarios, which are detailed in the table below, were all assessed against a hypothetical 
counterfactual scenario, that assumes transition and physical risk remain constant at current levels. The 
counterfactual is a hypothetical reference point to assess the increase in climate-related risk over the three main 
scenarios. This work was a critical step in understanding the potential impacts of climate change on NatWest 
Group, assessing our resilience, and developing our climate scenario analysis and climate risk management 
capabilities.
In light of the limitations included below, the initial results from our climate scenario analysis should 
mainly be used to understand the relative differences between scenarios, rather than the absolute 
level of modelled impairments. These results should not be interpreted as forecasts of expected 
losses over the scenario period.
Under the three hypothetical scenarios, NatWest Group is most exposed under the Late Action scenario with 
less than £10 billion of potential cumulative losses above the counterfactual scenario to 2050. Approximately 
two thirds of these estimated losses could potentially crystalise between 2030 and 2035, the point at which 
disruptive transition policy is implemented, resulting in a material increase in transition risk and an economic 
recession. The majority of forecasted losses relate to corporate lending. A key conclusion for transition risk is 
that supporting our customers transition to net zero is critical to managing our exposure to transition risk but 
achieving transition is subject to key dependencies as set out in section 3.4. 
The impacts of physical risk were explored through the No Additional Action scenario, producing lower 
cumulative impairments such that the margin above the counterfactual scenario was about one quarter of 
those seen in the Late Action scenario. This comparatively lower level of estimated impairments versus 
transition risk scenarios is reflective of NatWest Group’s diversified lending profile across sectors, primarily 
located in the UK and hence expected to be less exposed relative to other regions, although note the 
limitations highlighted below.
There are several key limitations which should be considered when looking at the results. These 
were covered in detail in the 2021 Climate-related Disclosures Report and we are working to address 
these key challenges.
In light of these limitations and building on the learnings and insights from this analysis, we have developed 
enhanced methodologies to incorporate climate-related risks into ECL and capital adequacy assessments - 
see page 58.
Physical risk: We recognise that the No Additional Action scenario does not fully capture the severe 
long-term impacts of irreversible climate change. Modelling the impact of physical risk poses material 
challenges and limitations in comparison to transition risk. Particular challenges persist around data and 
location of customer assets, combined with the complexity of modelling physical risk perils and their 
interaction with global and local supply chains. We continue to refine and enhance our physical risk modelling 
capabilities, in particular focusing on ‘event based’ analysis to test resilience to severe weather events in the 
near-term. Modelled losses in this analysis, although directionally insightful for risk management, must be 
treated with caution when assessed in absolute terms due to these data and model limitations.
Modelling Limitations
Outcomes 
Early Action Late Action 
Assumes that stringent climate policies and 
innovation start immediately in 2021.
 • Therefore, the increase in global temperature 
is limited to under 2.0°C by 2050.
 • Carbon prices increase steadily over the 
period from 2021 to 2050, which drives 
significant decarbonisation.
 • As a result, global CO2 emissions reach net zero 
around 2050, and some jurisdictions such as the 
US, EU, UK, and Japan reach net zero for all 
greenhouse gases.
Assumes that strong climate policies successfully 
limit warming.
 • Therefore, the increase in global temperature is limited to 
under 2.0°C by 2100.
 • However, in the Late Action scenario, decisive policy 
action on climate is delayed until 2031.
 • Rapid and disorderly transition leads to a recession in the 
early 2030s.
 • Carbon prices increase rapidly from 2031 to 2050, and 
this is enough to achieve significant reductions in 
emissions: global greenhouse gas emissions fall by 80% 
between 2030 and 2050 in this scenario.
No Additional Action 
Explores physical risks from climate change and assumes that there are no further climate policies 
introduced beyond those already implemented.
 • The absence of transition policies and associated emissions reduction leads to an increase in the concentration of 
greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, resulting in an expected increase in global temperatures of over 3°C by 2050 
and increased physical risks.
 • To test more severe physical risks, this scenario accelerates the temperature pathway by 30 years, and is 
based on the 90th percentile of the projected distribution of warming outcomes implied by climate models.
 • As a result, the frequency and severity of extreme weather events such as flooding and tropical cyclones 
increases, and there are chronic changes in labour and land productivity.
59NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Wholesale transition risk insights
Early Action and Late Action outcomes
For the context of this section, NatWest Groups 2021 Climate-related Disclosure Report details the Group’s 
wholesale transition risk methodology.
A key outcome from our internal climate scenario analysis, carried out to support participation in the CBES 
exercise, is that transition risk is concentrated in specific sectors, with a variance in the risk profile for different 
subsectors or customers within a sector. Our analysis suggested that 12 sectors were particularly sensitive to the 
transition to net zero under the Late Action scenario. Transition risk has the potential to impact the credit 
worthiness of customers in these sectors. However, customers with advanced transition actions and low carbon 
revenues at present, could potentially take advantage of increasing demand for low carbon goods and services to 
compete for market share at the expense of customers with a greater emissions intensity, who could experience 
declining demand for goods and services, and loss of market share. This supported NatWest Group’s climate 
ambition and strategy, which is based on supporting customers’ transition with a particular focus on those sectors 
most sensitive to transition risk, and on improving emissions data and analytic capabilities to track customers’ 
transition progress. During 2022, we prioritised these sectors for developing the initial iteration of our Climate 
transition plan.
The graph below provides details on potential cumulative impairments across the Early Action and Late Action 
scenarios for selected sectors. This shows that impairments are higher in the Late Action scenario across the 
majority of the sectors. This is due to the Late Action scenario assuming a recession at the onset of transition policy 
in 2030, which is not a feature in the Early Action scenario, and a higher final carbon price than in the Early Action 
scenario. Our modelling also found the greatest in-sector variation in the power and utilities sector, with low carbon 
utilities benefiting more from the transition of the energy system to renewable electricity in the Early Action and 
Late Action scenarios, while high carbon utilities face material profit impacts once carbon pricing is introduced. 
This highlights the importance of customer level analysis when assessing transition and physical risks. We used this 
analysis as the starting point for our internal assessment of heightened climate-related risk sectors and subsectors. 
All 12 of the sectors identified as sensitive to the transition to net zero, are considered heightened climate-related 
risk sectors based on the latest assessment. For further details see section 5.1.
Scenario Analysis continued
Agr/uni0069culture
A/uni0069rl/uni0069nes 
and 
aerospace
Automot/uni0069ve
Commerc/uni0069al 
real estate
Land 
transport 
and log/uni0069st/uni0069cs
Other
O/uni0069l 
and 
gas
Power 
ut/uni0069l/uni0069t/uni0069es
Sh/uni0069pp/uni0069ng
2,500
0
Early Act/uni0069on 2050 Cumulat/uni0069ve Imp (£m)Late Act/uni0069on 2050 Cumulat/uni0069ve Imp (£m)
Early Action and Late Action Cumulative Impairments by Sector (£m)
Retail transition risk findings
Early Action and Late Action outcomes
Our modelling showed Retail Mortgages are most exposed to transition risk at property level, where homes that 
are less energy efficient are expected to be impacted by increasing energy costs, minimum EPC requirements and 
could also bear the costs of switching from natural gas to electric heating.
This analysis was carried out before the current energy crisis and does not reflect the current high cost of gas and 
electricity (electricity being linked to gas prices as the marginal cost of generation) and government consumer 
support. It is therefore likely the economic impact of the scenarios could be more severe if applied on top of the 
currently elevated energy prices. This supports our conclusion that climate risk could amplify other risk types, e.g. 
credit risk.
Note: Other contains the following sectors: water and waste, mining and metals, construction, and buildings materials
Photo credit:   
60NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Scenario Analysis continued
Retail physical risk insights
Physical risk outcomes (No Additional Action scenario):
For residential mortgage exposures, flooding is the key direct physical risk and is focused on specific geographic locations. 
While NatWest Group modelled higher flood risk in Scotland and Wales, NatWest Group’s exposure profile resulted in the 
greatest impairment rates in the South East and West of England. Overall, for NatWest Group’s residential mortgage 
portfolio, the proportion of properties at high and very high risk is relatively low at 3.0% – see section 5.2. However, the 
No Additional Action scenario also impacted the entire portfolio through assumed slower economic growth and slower 
house price growth at a national level when compared to the counterfactual scenario.
In the No Additional Action scenario, we observed that the impact on property values at a portfolio level is minimal. 
However, although a small proportion of the portfolio is in high flood risk banding, these properties incur significant 
impairments. This is particularly notable for properties currently protected by Flood Re as these properties see significant 
increases in risk as Flood Re is expected to exit the market in 2039. As previously noted, we continue to develop our 
physical risk modelling and data, including exploring physical perils beyond flood and subsidence. 
Wholesale physical risk insights
Physical risk outcomes (No Additional Action scenario):
The graph below provides details on potential cumulative impairments in the No Additional Action scenario for selected 
sectors. When compared to the graph on the previous page, this shows that in all sectors the No Additional Action 
scenario produced impairments that are less severe relative to the Early Action and Late Action transition risk scenarios. 
Agriculture and commercial real estate saw the largest impact from the No Additional Action scenario relative to the 
counterfactual, this was driven by the assumed slower growth in property values in the macroeconomic assumptions, 
and chronic physical risk impacts.
Note: Other contains the following sectors: oil and gas, power utilities, industrials and land transport and logistics.
The geographic concentration of NatWest Group’s book, primarily in the UK, is expected to limit the overall exposure to 
physical risks over the projection period, relative to other regions. However, it is important to note that the No Additional 
Action scenario does not capture the severe implications of unmitigated climate change. For example, increased 
geopolitical risk, migration, and severe disruption to global supply chains. In addition, there are known challenges and 
limitations with the methodology, which NatWest Group is looking to address, for example through event-based physical 
risk analysis. 
Agr/uni0069culture Automot/uni0069ve Commerc/uni0069al
real estate
Construct/uni0069on Other
2,500
0
2050 No Add/uni0069t/uni0069onal Act/uni0069on Cumulat/uni0069ve Imp (£m)
In 2022 we conducted high level research on the macroeconomic impact of severe global physical events 
(acute physical risk) and concluded they were less material in the short-term for our portfolio than potential 
transition effects, hence prioritising the development of our Transition Risk Calculator. Nevertheless, 
physical risk remains an important focus area and we are continuing our analysis with the view to overcome 
the data challenges and incorporate the effects explicitly in the macroeconomic scenarios.
In conclusion, our climate scenario analysis carried out to support our participation in the CBES exercise has 
provided useful insights that we incorporated in our work on developing the first iteration of our Climate 
transition plan, as well as the identification of heightened climate-related risk sectors. The conclusions support 
NatWest Group’s climate ambition set in 2020, to support customer transition, and provided input in our 
ambition updates announced in February 2023. During 2023, we will continue to develop our climate scenario 
analysis capabilities to embed into climate risk management.
No Additional Action Cumulative Impairments by Sector (£m)
61NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
This section explores how NatWest Group is 
incorporating climate scenario analysis in other 
principal risks.
Building on existing work to enhance scenario analysis 
conducted in 2021, we have used scenario analysis to 
assess climate risk impact on the following risks:
Conduct Risk
In 2022 NatWest Group conducted an exercise 
exploring a hypothetical scenario where increased 
competition in the green finance market leads to 
ambitious product designs and diminished robustness 
of governance. The exercise demonstrated the 
complexity of defining what constitutes greenwashing 
and the importance of maintaining effective controls 
in an increasingly competitive market. NatWest Group 
continues to review current policies, processes, and 
controls to ensure the risk of greenwashing is 
adequately addressed in our frameworks.
The outcomes resulted in a potential financial impact of 
less than £70 million in the 1-in-25 year scenario and 
less than £315 million in the 1-in-100 year scenario.
Operational Risk
We conducted operational risk scenarios in relation to 
physical risk in 2020 and 2021.
The outcomes resulted in a potential financial impact 
of less than £1 million in the 1-in-25 year scenario and 
less than £20 million in the 1-in-100 year scenario.
Pension Risk
In 2022, we explored the resilience of our main defined 
benefit pension scheme to climate-related risks, 
utilising the scenarios described on page 59. The 
pension scheme was resilient to the scenarios as a 
result of its strong funding position and limited 
exposure to high climate risk assets and geographies.
In addition, we are actively engaged with the Trustees 
of the pension scheme and their advisers, which 
provides an understanding of their approach to 
managing the impact of climate change on NatWest 
Group’s schemes. See the Trustee’s 2022 TCFD 
Report for further detail on the approach taken by the 
Trustee of NatWest Group’s largest scheme.
Market Risk
Climate change has the potential to affect all market 
risk factors that NatWest Group is exposed to. Climate 
regulatory guidance is in its infancy for traded market 
risk. However, NatWest Group is enhancing its climate 
market risk framework and building climate into 
scenario analysis and risk appetite. In 2022 a 
first-generation short-term climate transition stress 
test was developed.
The scenario assessed the impact of a disorderly 
transition to a low-carbon economy on fair-valued 
positions. It explores hypothetical EU and UK 
regulation mandating firms to reduce carbon 
emissions across all scopes by 50% by 2030, with a 
government carbon tax from 2025. These shocks are 
applied instantaneously across the issuer and 
counterparty credit spread risks in the trading book. 
Scenarios are expected to be refined further as 
improved data becomes available.
As regulatory guidance develops, NatWest Group will 
continue to develop a range of key metrics and 
internal reporting tools to assess and monitor 
climate-related risks and opportunities.
Liquidity Risk
A climate-specific liquidity scenario was developed to 
assess the impact of an acute physical event on the 
liquidity position of NatWest Group.
The scenario focuses on a major flood-related event 
to the UK and Northern Europe with widespread 
disruption and a temporary fall in economic output.
The disruption results in higher demand for cash 
from certain impacted business sectors due to the 
uncertainty. Volatility in financial markets impacts 
GBP, UK bonds and asset prices. Non-UK and 
European depositors re-evaluate their exposure to the 
UK and European financial sector.
Managing climate-related model risks
Climate risk considerations have resulted in increased 
materiality and complexity for models, with challenges 
presented by the availability of data and lack of 
benchmarking options. A model risk review for 
sector-specific emission models was conducted in 
2022, in accordance with model risk policy 
requirements. This included an assessment of 
materiality and independent validation across various 
model dimensions.
Scenario Analysis continued
Climate scenario analysis is already producing 
useful insights to help identify and develop 
strategies to manage the impacts from climate 
change. However, NatWest Group recognises that 
climate scenario analytics is a new specialism for 
the industry. Analytics and integration with business 
operations is continuously improving on what is 
a multi-year journey towards full maturity, with 
prioritisation on the most material risks and 
exposures relevant to NatWest Group. Regulatory 
expectations continue to increase at pace, with a 
Dear CEO Letter providing thematic feedback on 
the PRA’s supervision of climate-related financial 
risk and the CBES exercise, and a Dear CFO letter 
covering impact assessment of climate risks on 
balance sheet valuations in 2022.
The challenges and limitations, as noted within 
this section and in previous disclosures remain 
prevalent to both NatWest Group and the wider 
industry. NatWest Group is participating in a 
number of industry initiatives to contribute to 
creating solutions to limitations through, for 
example, participation in the Climate Financial 
Risk Forum (CFRF); Global Financial Markets 
Association climate data initiative; Bank of 
England conference on the treatment of climate 
risk within the regulatory capital framework; 
and other climate risk initiatives. There is close 
alignment and integration of these initiatives with 
our risk and governance frameworks, risk 
appetite and development of management 
information with a clear trajectory for 
enhancement towards the full maturity of 
our climate scenario analysis capabilities.
Developing industry best practice  
and framework development
62NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Managing our exposure to climate-related risk4.3
In 2022 we launched preliminary shadow operational limits supported by EPC and flood risk 
data. The three limits do not currently influence lending decisions, rather they are used to 
monitor the performance of the current Retail Banking mortgage portfolio and new mortgage 
business, focusing on transition risk through EPCs and the physical risk of flood, as follows:
In line with our ambition to at least halve the climate impact of our financing activity by 2030 
and support our wholesale customers’ transition to net zero, during 2022, we evolved the 
inclusion of climate-related considerations within our credit assessment processes.
EPC A and B properties Minimum EPCs for 
buy-to-let properties 
Flats, new builds, and buy-to-let 
properties at high or very  
high risk of flood.
 • A shadow operational 
limit was introduced to 
track lending to 
properties with an EPC 
of A or B.
 • This means that we can 
proactively monitor and 
manage climate-related 
risk to the residential 
mortgage portfolio.
 • It also allows us to 
monitor our ambition 
that 50% of our UK 
mortgage portfolio has 
an EPC rating of C or 
better by 2030.
 • Through our monitoring 
of emerging regulations 
and legislation we 
anticipate changes 
which will require a 
minimum EPC of C for 
buy-to-let properties 
from 2028.
 • In light of this, a shadow 
operational limit to 
monitor our exposure 
to buy-to-let properties 
without the potential 
to reach an EPC of C 
was introduced in 2022. 
 • A shadow operational limit was 
introduced to monitor Retail Banking 
mortgage portfolio exposure to 
properties ineligible for the Flood Re 
scheme.
 • Backed by the government and in place 
until 2039, FloodRe enables customers 
whose home is in a high or very high 
flood risk area to obtain affordable 
buildings insurance.
 • Some properties are ineligible, including 
flats, buy-to-let properties and any 
property built since 2010.
 • The limit is designed to bring our 
exposure to ineligible properties in higher 
flood risk areas in line with the overall 
portfolio.
 • At 31 December 2022, 39% of 
properties in our mortgage portfolio 
at high and very high risk of flood are 
ineligible for FloodRe, compared with 
32% ineligible across the total portfolio.
We are applying operational limits in full in 2023, with timely remedial action required for limit breaches. 
Consideration of how these limits impact our customer journeys will continue.
Updating our criteria for decision-
making and limiting concentration risk
Enhancing wholesale credit applications 
to consider climate risk  
The effective management of climate risk requires the full integration of climate-related risk factors into strategic planning, transactions, and decision-making. This section details the enhancements which 
have been made to our processes for managing climate-related risk to date, and those which will continue to evolve and improve as the organisation matures its climate risk management capabilities.
Transaction Acceptance Standards (TAS) continue to be informed by climate-related risk 
factors and are subject to periodic review. The intention is to use insights from 
heightened climate-related risk sector reviews to inform acceptance standards, as they 
evolve and where appropriate, ensuring we capture both risks and opportunities.
Improvements have been made in the understanding of potential climate-related risk 
factors affecting customers, including:
 • Further analysis of minimum energy efficiency standards.
 • Expanding the scope of our flood risk assessment to include five and 30-year scenarios.
 • Enhancing flood risk insight, modelling additional physical factors such as rising sea levels, and 
broadened scope to include subsidence risk, as appropriate.
Credit assessment processes have been improved to better support customer interactions, 
including:
 • We have mandatory climate conversations with in-scope(1) customers. These conversations 
reflect the specificity of sector and asset class, and the size and sophistication of these 
customers.
 • The climate scorecards described in section 4.2 are utilised, where applicable, to support 
these conversations and the outcomes are captured within the credit assessment process.
 • To support our conversations with customers, enhancements have been made to guidance 
materials including the climate Transaction Acceptance Standards (TAS) handbook.
 • Role-specific learning rolled out to colleagues – see page 64
(1) Guidance on in scope customers is tailored to each business area and detailed in the Climate TAS Handbook. For 
example, for Business Banking Relationship Managers the criteria is - new or increased lending applications of 
£50,000 or more.
63NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Managing our exposure to climate-related risk continued
Developing the capabilities and skills of our people 
is a principle of the NatWest Group’s climate risk 
policy. We recognise that gaps and limitations in 
climate expertise and capabilities could ultimately 
inhibit our ability to effectively manage climate risk.
The education policy principle recognises that 
colleague capability to understand climate-related 
risk supports effective:
 • Identification and assessment of potential 
climate-related risk.
 • Customer engagement and decision-making 
with respect to climate-related risks.
 • Monitoring of climate-related risk factors and 
evaluating their impact.
To meet our aims of having appropriate climate-
related risk training identified and available for all 
relevant colleagues, with take-up monitored, by the 
end of 2024, we need to evolve our climate model 
from a self-serve approach to a role mapping 
approach to ensure key populations across the 
bank have the necessary and relevant training to 
support their role, focused at three different levels 
of climate-related risk training:
 • Core – All colleagues understand what climate 
change is and are aware of the impacts and 
risk associated with climate change.
 • Common – Priority roles have a deeper 
understanding of climate-related risks and how 
to identify, assess and manage risk.
 • Technical – Technical business-specific 
training and professional qualifications for 
specialist roles.
Further information about our approach to climate education is found in sections 2.2 
and 3.5.
Technical
Technical training and thought leadership 
delivered locally by the business
Including professional qualifications 
such as Green and Sustainable Finance 
and Climate Risk through the 
Chartered Banker Institute
Core and Common
Developed at a One Bank 
level through University of 
Edinburgh partnership 
(including bespoke 
programmes)
Technical
Common
Role-specific learning – 
pathways for priority roles
Core
Climate Fundamentals –  
c.64,000 colleagues bank wide
How climate education supports our 
people to have the right capabilities
64NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Managing our exposure to climate-related risk continued
The principles of the NatWest Group climate risk policy are applicable across all portfolios, and 
products. During 2022 we enhanced our due diligence and investment processes to reflect our 
ambition to achieve net zero emissions across our in-scope Assets under Management by 
2050. The following processes support the identification, assessment, and management of 
climate-related risks in our asset management investment products:
Managing climate risk within 
our Assets under Management
ESG due diligence process for funds: Our fund due diligence process incorporates our 
responsible investing framework and employs multiple indicators to assess underlying funds on 
three levels: Firm approach, Investment Strategy and Stewardship.
All third-party funds are required to complete our responsible investing questionnaire. This data 
informs our ESG assessment and results in a responsible investing score, which feeds into our 
overall fund assessment. It also forms the basis of our engagement with fund managers.
Assessing net zero alignment: to manage our exposure to climate-related risk in our 
investment products we assess the extent to which third-party funds have a commitment and 
investment strategy that is aligned to net zero.
 • We have designed our Net Zero Investment Framework, which uses qualitative and 
quantitative data sourced from fund managers, to assess the credibility of their net zero 
strategy and commitments.
 • All in-scope AuM are assigned a net zero score, and those which have a net zero strategy  
deemed credible are counted towards our Portfolio Alignment metric, which measures the 
percentage of underlying holdings that we deem to be on a net-zero trajectory.
Monitoring of climate-related metrics: In addition to the responsible investing score and the 
net zero score we also incorporate carbon intensity into our fund-level pre-trade analysis - refer 
to section 1.3 for further detail. The overall climate risk exposure of our in-scope AuM is 
monitored periodically throughout our investment process.
Managing climate-related risks across Asset Management: In addition to the enhancements 
made to the investment process we have also integrated climate risk into our Asset Management 
business risk processes. For example, in 2022 we set out ESG-related controls to enhance our 
oversight and confidence in our climate-related data. Asset Management also feeds into the 
NatWest Group-wide scenario analysis exercises to enhance our overall approach to climate-
related risk.
65NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Metrics and 
targets
The metrics and targets used to assess,  
monitor and manage relevant climate-related  
risks and opportunities.
In this section
5.1 Heightened climate-related risk exposure
5.2 UK residential mortgages – energy efficiency  
and flood risk assessment
5.3 Climate and sustainable funding and financing
5.4 NatWest Group’s own operational footprint
5.5 Estimates of financed emissions
5.6 Estimates of facilitated emissions from corporate bond underwriting
5.7 Cautions about climate-related metrics,  
data and methodology challenges
5.8 Climate-related data and other forward-looking  
statements and metrics
5
Key sources of estimation uncertainty and volatility: NatWest Group’s 2022 
Climate-related Disclosures Report requires the application of a number of 
judgements, assumptions and estimates – see section 5.7 as well as notes 
on data limitations throughout this section.
66NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
The below table highlights all sectors with exposure(1,2) classified as heightened climate-related risk. Exposure is based on loans, loan commitments and contingent obligations. As per Risk Management section 4.2, the heightened 
climate-related risk methodology was updated in 2022 to enable a more granular review of climate-related risk. Through this methodology, 47 subsectors within 17 wholesale sectors have been categorised as being exposed to 
heightened climate-related risk, as shown in the table below. Risk impacts associated with the residential mortgage portfolio are discussed in detail in sections 4.2 and 5.2, and exposure is consolidated below for completeness. The 
amounts reported in the below table include all lending to customers including climate and sustainable lending.
As at 31 December 2022(*) As at 31 December 2021
Sector/Portfolio
Main driver for 
inclusion
Loans(1)
£m
Off-balance
sheet(2)
£m
Total sector 
exposure 
£m
Of which 
heightened 
£m
Heightened as a 
% of NatWest  
Group total 
%
Loans(1)
£m
Off-balance
 sheet(2)
£m
Total sector 
exposure 
£m
Of which 
heightened 
£m
Heightened as a 
% of NatWest  
Group total 
%
Wholesale heightened climate-related risk sectors 81,066 50,911 131,977 85,956 16.7 79,468 47,296 126,764 84,420 17.0
Commercial real estate 17,475 7,090 24,565  24,565 4.8 18,261 7,126 25,387 25,387 5.1
Housing associations 8,829 5,787 14,616 14,616 2.8 8,319 6,014 14,333 14,333 2.9
Power utilities 4,640 8,142 12,782 7,942 1.5 4,070 6,026 10,096 6,779 1.4
Construction 4,729 1,432 6,161 6,161 1.2 4,615 1,724 6,339 6,339 1.3
Agriculture 4,773 992 5,765 5,765 1.1 5,084 1,017 6,101 6,101 1.2
Land transport and logistics 5,142 3,557 8,699 4,329 0.8 4,593 3,257 7,850 3,994 0.8
Leisure 7,463 2,009 9,472 4,108 0.8 8,102 1,981 10,083 4,189 0.8
Oil and gas 1,172 2,405 3,577 3,577 0.7 1,675 1,579 3,254 3,254 0.7
Building materials 1,541 1,484 3,025 3,025 0.6 1,326 1,478 2,804 2,804 0.6
Airlines and aerospace 1,734 1,889 3,623 2,730 0.5 1,491 1,749 3,240 2,143 0.4
Automotive 7,304 4,108 11,412 2,604 0.5 6,475 3,572 10,047 1,951 0.4
Water and waste 3,368 2,244 5,612 1,941 0.4 2,948 1,941 4,889 1,757 0.4
Industrials 3,267 3,330 6,597 1,691 0.3 2,959 3,013 5,972 1,831 0.4
Mining and metals 408 550 958 958 0.2 382 758 1,140 1,140 0.2
Chemicals 502 662 1,164 1,164 0.2 399 677 1,076 1,076 0.2
Shipping 326 132 458 458 0.1 867 102 969 969 0.2
Retail 8,393 5,098 13,491 322 0.1 7,902 5,282 13,184 373 0.1
Residential mortgage portfolio 202,957 18,782 221,739 221,739 43.1 194,011 16,827 210,838 210,838 42.4
Total NatWest Group 377,153 137,026 514,179 307,695 59.8 369,827 127,896 497,723 295,258 59.3
Heightened climate-related risk exposure5.1
Heightened climate-related risk sector identification
 • Within power utilities, heightened climate-related risk primarily relates to a proportion of the book exposed to transition risk associated 
with electricity generation from non-renewable sources resulting in higher emissions intensity compared with renewable sources. 
Transmission, distribution and supply related activities are assessed as being less exposed to transition risk as a result of having lower 
emission intensity.
 • Heightened climate-related risk activities within land transport and logistics, and automotive sectors primarily relate to passenger 
road, rail and freight transport and automotive manufacturing respectively due to higher susceptibility to transition and physical 
risks than storage, warehousing and rental activities. The UK Government’s policy to stop the sale of internal combustion engine 
vehicles increases the transition risk for the automotive manufacturing sector.
 • Within the water and waste sector, activities at heightened climate-related risk primarily relate to the waste sector. Greenhouse 
gas emissions from the waste sector mainly comprise methane released from landfill sites.
 • Within the industrials sector, activities related to the manufacturing of products is considered to be at heightened climate-related 
risk than lending related to the purchase of machinery and equipment.
 • Heightened climate-related risk activities within the airlines and aerospace sector relate to lending to airlines and airline operators 
as emissions intensity for these activities are higher than upstream activities in the value chain resulting in higher exposure to 
transition risk.
 • Within the leisure sector, heightened climate-related risk is related to activities which could potentially have high susceptibility to 
flood risk, as well as transition risk arising from changes in customer behaviour due to impacts of climate change.
 • Where activities in other sectors were assessed as being aligned to heightened climate-related risk sectors and subsectors 
identified above, these were also classed as heightened climate-related risk.
Heightened climate-related risk exposure
 • Total exposure to wholesale heightened climate-related risk sectors and portfolios increased by £1.5 billion (1.8%) during 2022. 
These exposures represent around 34% of total wholesale lending exposure at 31 December 2022.
 • Total exposure to the oil and gas sector increased by £0.3(*) billion compared with 31 December 2021, primarily related to foreign 
exchange movements.
 • As at 31 December 2022 the exposure to oil and gas majors(3) amounted to £0.9(*) billion (31 December 2021 – £0.8 billion), 
representing 25% of the total exposure to the oil and gas sector.
 • Exposure to coal customers, as defined in the Credible Transition Plan (CTP) assessment(3) completed in 2021, was £0.3 billion as 
at 31 December 2022 (£0.6 billion as at 31 December 2021).
(*) Within the scope of EY assurance. Refer to page 10. Footontes to this page are on the following page.
Physical Risks Transition Risks
67NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
The following table provides further detail on the location, Asset Quality (AQ) and maturity profile of wholesale heightened climate-related risk sectors and the residential mortgage portfolio as of 
31 December 2022.
Footnotes page 68:
(1) Geography is based on the country of operation of the customer, where cashflows are primarily derived from.
(2) Asset quality is based on Basel probability of default estimates where customers categorised as AQ1 have a very low probability of 
default in the next 12 months while AQ10 represents customers that are already in default. See the credit risk section of the Annual 
Report and Accounts for a mapping between asset quality band and indicative S&P Ratings.
Loans by geography(1) 
£m
Loans by asset quality(2) 
£m
Loans by residual maturity  
£m
Sector/Portfolio UK Europe RoW AQ1-4 AQ5-9 AQ10 <1yr 1-5yr >5yr
Wholesale heightened climate-related risk sectors 71,540 10,458 3,958 45,642 39,187 1,127 19,693 47,183 19,080
Commercial real estate 22,995 1,034 536 11,128 13,013 424 5,565 17,928 1,072
Housing associations 14,616 0 0 14,380 215 21 508 4,608 9,500
Power utilities 3,998 3,471 473 5,705 2,232 5 1,360 4,307 2,275
Construction 5,725 401 35 1,102 4,779 280 2,240 3,446 475
Agriculture 5,610 64 91 831 4,836 98 1,997 1,712 2,056
Land transport and logistics 3,718 600 11 2,694 1,578 57 1,054 2,571 704
Leisure 3,574 364 170 345 3,687 76 1,021 2,353 734
Oil and gas 2,020 1,196 361 2,287 1,230 60 1,693 1,644 240
Building materials 2,385 544 96 1,286 1,720 19 1,104 1,737 184
Airlines and aerospace 1,352 522 856 1,189 1,523 18 227 1,924 579
Automotive 780 1,281 543 1,951 648 5 506 2,078 20
Water and waste 1,721 220 0 648 1,286 7 389 779 773
Industrials 1,464 184 43 665 1,004 22 821 728 142
Mining and metals 411 29 518 618 334 6 698 234 26
Chemicals 671 392 101 603 560 1 356 776 32
Shipping 211 123 124 175 257 26 119 129 210
Retail 289 33 0 35 285 2 35 229 58
Residential mortgage portfolio 221,739 0 0 143,443 76,356 1,940 19,617 12,050 190,072
Total NatWest Group 449,984 35,710 28,485 308,060 200,298 5,821 148,977 137,478 227,724
Heightened climate-related risk exposure continued
Footnotes page 67:
(1) Loans to customers and banks – amortised cost and FVOCI. This table shows gross loans only. Disposal Group assets £1.5 billion as at 
31 December 2022, £9.1 billion as at 31 December 2021) are excluded from this table. For consistency with credit risk reporting in the 
Annual Report and Accounts, loan assets shown for 31 December 2022 exclude £(0.2) billion of assets that are out of scope of expected 
credit loss consideration. The table line ‘Total Natwest Group’ reflects total bank exposure including exposure including exposure 
categorised as heightened as well as non-heightened.
(2) Off-balance sheet includes loan commitments and contingent liabilities.
(3) As defined in the Credible Transition Plan (CTP) assessment. Refer to pages 30 – 31 of the NatWest Group plc 2021 Climate-related 
Disclosures Report for further details on the assessment of CTPs for oil and gas majors and in-scope coal customers.
68NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Energy efficiency 
The charts opposite summarise the energy efficiency of the UK residential mortgage portfolio by EPC rating, 
with ‘A’ indicating the best and ‘G’ the worst in terms of energy efficiency. EPC data is available for mortgages 
amounting to £138.8 billion as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021 £116.2 billion). This accounts for 68% of 
the UK mortgage portfolio (31 December 2021 – 62%). Of these, £123.4 billion are owner occupied and £15.4 billion 
are buy-to-let. 
Supporting our UK mortgage customers to increase their residential energy efficiency and incentivising purchase of the 
most energy efficient homes is a key part of our climate ambition. In addition, we have an ambition that 50%(3) of our 
UK mortgage portfolio has an EPC rating of C or above by 2030. In February 2023, we announced that we will aim to 
provide an additional £10 billion for EPC A and B residential properties between January 2023 and the end 2025 as 
part of our climate and sustainable funding and financing target. As at 31 December 2022, 41.5%(*) (31 December 2021 
38.3%) of our UK residential mortgages portfolio that had EPC data available, was at EPC C or better.
Data source and limitations: For properties in England and Wales EPC data has been sourced from the Energy 
Performance of Buildings for England and Wales published by the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local 
Government’s open data source. The data is drawn from EPCs issued for domestic and non-domestic buildings 
constructed, sold or let since 2008. It provides information on the energy efficiency ratings of domestic and 
non-domestic buildings during the energy assessment process. The registers do not hold data for every domestic 
and non-domestic building, or every building occupied by public authorities in England and Wales.
For properties in Scotland, we source EPC data from the Public Available Data Extracts site of the Energy Saving 
Trust, published by the Scottish Government. This data is updated quarterly and contains energy certificates from 
the start of 2013. EPC data for our Northern Ireland mortgage portfolio is sourced from the Northern Ireland 
Department of Finance.
NatWest Group continues to engage with the UK Government and regulators to enhance EPC rating data 
availability, and disclosure. We now provide information about the energy efficiency of customers properties 
through the Manage my Mortgage tool.
An EPC is required when a building is constructed, sold or let, and is valid for 10 years. As a result, the EPC 
analysis on this page is based on EPC data at the time it was last available.
UK residential mortgages – energy efficiency 
and flood risk assessment
5.2
(1) In addition to the Retail Banking portfolio, during 2022, EPC and flood risk data became available for the Private Banking portfolio 
for all periods. Data relating to the smaller RBS International mortgage portfolio continues to be excluded from analysis at this time.
(2) On a drawn exposure basis
(3) Percentage of aggregate UK mortgage exposure.
(*) Within the scope of EY assurance. Refer to page 10.
16.4%
25.1%
40.3%
14.6%
3.6%
Total 
£138.8bn
10.1%
36.0%
41.3%
11.9%
0.7%
Total 
£15.4bn
A and B: 16%
C: 23%
17.2%
23.8%
40.2%
14.8%
4.0%
Total 
£123.4bn
Total mortgages with  
EPC data available for 
December 2022
Owner occupied mortgages 
with EPC data available for 
December 2022
Buy-to-let mortgages with 
EPC data available for 
December 2022
A and B
D
C
E
F and G
A and B
D
C
E
F and G
A and B
D
C
E
F and G
This section presents the energy efficiency and flood risk profile of UK residential mortgages(1), 
amounting to £203 billion(2), 54% of NatWest Group’s loan balances as at 31 December 2022. 
69NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Flood risk
The map opposite represents the proportion of UK 
residential mortgage properties at high and very high 
risk of flood, as a percentage of the total UK mortgage 
lending. The flood analysis presented is based on 
present day risk levels which take into account the 
probability of flood events occurring. This analysis 
covers c.97% of the UK mortgage portfolio.
On a total volume basis, present day UK mortgages at 
high risk of flooding are 2.9% of the portfolio and those 
at very high risk are 0.1% of the portfolio. This is 
comparable to the overall UK volume-based analysis 
with high of 3.0% and very high of 0.1%.
Data for flood risk analysis: Flood risk data is 
obtained through our third-party vendor, Airbus, and 
their flood risk analysis includes surface flooding, 
rivers, ground water as well as coastal flooding and 
clay-related shrink-swell. Airbus gathers multiple 
geospatial datasets, derived from industry specialists 
including Ordnance Survey, JBA Risk Management 
and Property Risk Inspection. It also calculates the 
physical risks to properties now and as global 
temperatures rise using climate data from the UK 
Climate Projections 2018.
Flood scores: JBA model flood hazard by looking 
at the four different types of flooding (surface water, 
ground water, coastal and river) and calculating the 
frequency and depth of flooding nationally to derive 
flood maps. Flood defences are considered where 
available. Flood scores are allocated per property 
based on the potential flood damage to property 
dependent on the type, frequency and depth of 
flooding modelled across different return periods. 
The scoring ranges from 0 to 53, with 0 being lowest 
and 53 being the highest risk. We consider a score 
of 11 and above to be high risk and properties with 
a score of 31 and above within the very high risk 
category after flood mitigants are taken into account. 
JBA’s flood scores in the UK are widely used by 
insurers, lenders, property search/conveyancers 
and valuation surveyors, providing a consistent 
view across the whole homebuying and property 
management process.
UK residential mortgages – energy efficiency and flood risk assessment continued
(*) Within the scope of EY assurance. Refer to page 10.
Proportion of properties at high and very high risk of flooding, by region(*)
The shades in the image represent the level of flood risk in the region based on  
value of lending and proportion of properties at high and very high risk of flood, with 
lightest (yellow) being the lowest and darkest (purple) being the highest.
North West
% of total mortgage lending: 9.0%
% of regional lending at high risk: 2.1%
% of regional lending at very high risk: 0.0%
North East
% of total mortgage lending: 2.1%
% of regional lending at high risk: 1.1%
% of regional lending at very high risk: 0.1%
Scotland
% of total mortgage lending: 6.3%
% of regional lending at high risk: 2.9%
% of regional lending at very high risk: 0.3%
Yorkshire and The Humber
% of total mortgage lending: 5.3%
% of regional lending at high risk: 4.0%
% of regional lending at very high risk: 0.0%
East Midlands
% of total mortgage lending: 6.2%
% of regional lending at high risk: 2.0%
% of regional lending at very high risk: 0.1%
East of England
% of total mortgage lending: 11.1%
% of regional lending at high risk: 2.1%
% of regional lending at very high risk: 0.0%
Greater London
% of total mortgage lending: 21.2%
% of regional lending at high risk: 1.9%
% of regional lending at very high risk: 0.0%
West Midlands
% of total mortgage lending: 6.8%
% of regional lending at high risk: 1.2%
% of regional lending at very high risk: 0.0%
Wales
% of total mortgage lending: 2.8%
% of regional lending at high risk: 4.2%
% of regional lending at very high risk: 0.2%
Northern Ireland
% of total mortgage lending: 1.9%
% of regional lending at high risk: 4.9%
% of regional lending at very high risk: 0.5%
South West
% of total mortgage lending: 8.5%
% of regional lending at high risk: 3.0%
% of regional lending at very high risk: 0.2%
South East
% of total mortgage lending: 18.6%
% of regional lending at high risk: 4.1%
% of regional lending at very high risk: 0.1%
Highest proportion Lowest proportion
70NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
As part of supporting our customers’ transition to net zero, we have a 
target to provide £100 billion climate and sustainable funding and 
financing between July 2021 and the end of 2025. NatWest Group uses 
its CSFFI criteria(1) to determine the assets, activities and companies that 
are eligible to be included within its climate and sustainable funding and 
financing targets.
As part of our £100 billion target, we are also aiming to provide at least 
£10 billion of lending for EPC A and B residential properties between 
1 January 2023 and the end of 2025.
In the 18 months since the £100 billion target began NatWest Group has 
provided £32.6 billion(*) of climate and sustainable funding and financing 
(£24.5 billion during 2022(*)).
This consisted of £27.2 billion (£20.3 billion in 2022) in Commercial & 
Institutional (including NatWest Markets £15.5 billion (£12.2 billion in 
2022), and RBS International £2.3 billion (£1.3 billion in 2022)),  
£5.1 billion in Retail Banking (£4.0 billion in 2022) and £0.2 billion in 
Private Banking (£0.2 billion in 2022).
The table below summarises NatWest Group’s climate and sustainable 
funding and financing activity.
Climate and sustainable funding and financing(1)
Full year ended 
31 December 2022 
£m
Full year ended
31 December 2021(7)
£m
Cumulative progress 
towards the £100bn 
target  
£m
Specific purpose wholesale lending within the scope of the CSFFI criteria(2) 3,046 2,085 4,213
Residential mortgages with EPC A or B(3) 4,245 1,111 5,356
Green and Sustainability Bond Public Issuances and Private Placements(4) 9,953 8,227 12,730
Green Loan Underwriting(4) - 153 -
Sustainability Linked Loans(2,5) 5,253 3,821 7,368
Sustainability Linked Bonds and Private Placements(5) 789 201 990
Other wholesale general purpose lending(2) or wider financing within the CSFFI criteria(6) 1,213 1,948 1,921
Total 24,499(*) 17,546 32,578(*)
The historic values reported in the table above (and data on page 74 and 75) may be updated from values we reported in 2021. This is due to updated bills,  
data provision and extrapolations.
Climate and sustainable  
funding and financing 
5.3
Specific purpose wholesale loans by CSFFI 
criteria category in 2022(1)
Notes:
(1) Sustainability-Linked Loans are excluded from this chart.
(2) Energy infrastructure includes lending for companies and assets relating to 
electricity transmission and distribution.
(3) Renewable Energy – Other primarily relates to lending to funds that invest in 
multiple types of renewable energy.
(4) Other consists mainly of energy efficiency £143 million
(5) Since 1 July 2021, UK £17.8 billion, Western Europe £13.0 billion and Other 
£1.8 billion. Geography for band issuance is linked to the region of the issuer; 
for loans it is linked to the region of operation of the borrowing customer.
(1) For the year ended 31 December 2022, the NatWest Group CSFFI criteria published 
in October 2021 has been used to determine the assets, activities and companies 
that are eligible to be counted. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the CSFFI 
criteria published in February 2021 was applied. The CSFFI criteria includes lending 
to personal customers for properties with EPC A and B ratings, and these were 
included within climate and sustainable funding and financing reporting from 1 July 
2021. NatWest Group’s own Green, Social and Sustainability (GSS) bond issuances 
are not included in the table above. The revised CSFFI criteria published in 
December 2022 will be used from 1 January 2023. Full details of the CSFFI criteria 
can be found at natwestgroup.com
(2) Lending amounts represent total commitment and include any undrawn portion of 
committed credit limits.
(3) Refer to section 5.2 for data availability and limitations related to EPC data.
(4) Underwriting of specific use of proceeds debt capital market issuance for project 
expenditures, as well as green loan commitments when customers meet the CSFFI 
criteria. Amounts represent the NatWest Group share of the notional (total 
underwriting amount lead managed or placed by NatWest Group), based on the 
number of underwriters within a specific deal. During the year ended 31 December 
2022 52 green bonds and private placements totalling a notional amount of 
£41.6 billion (53 deals, £38.7 billion during full year 2021) account for c.20% of the 
total lead managed or placed transactions by NatWest Group during the period 
(c.16% for full year 2021). The CSFFI criteria allows for the inclusion of eligible 
sustainability bonds, which began to be included from 1 January 2022 (20 deals, 
climate and sustainable funding and financing contribution £2.2 billion in the year 
ended 31 December 2022).
(5) Sustainability-Linked Loans, Bonds and private placements made to customers, in 
line with Loan Market Association (LMA) Sustainability Linked Loan principles and 
International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Sustainability-Linked Bond principles 
where deal targets include green performance indicators, aligned to CSFFI criteria.
(6) In addition to transactions that directly meet CSFFI criteria based on use of proceeds 
for green purposes, the CSFFI criteria also include certain general purpose loans and 
wider financing (including bonds and private placements) to a customer who can 
evidence (to NatWest Group’s satisfaction through review of the customers’ profit 
and loss statement or balance sheet): 50% or more of revenues from the categories 
and sectors outlined in the criteria, or for fund clients 75% of assets under 
management invested in assets that meet the CSFFI criteria, or for real estate and 
utilities companies 75% of their assets in categories or sectors outlined by the CSFFI 
criteria. In the year ended 31 December 2022, the £1.2 billion included above 
comprised loans of £1.1 billion and bonds and private placements of £0.1 billion.
(7) Of the £17.5 billion of climate and sustainable funding and financing provided in the 
year ended 31 December 2021, £8.1 billion was provided in the second half of the 
year and therefore contributes towards the £100 billion target.
(*) Within the scope of EY assurance. Refer to page 10.
Susta/uni0069nable transport
Renewable energy
Water and waste management
£104m
£1,331m
£666m
£337m
£143m
£150m £760m £377m £315m
Bu/uni0069lt env/uni0069ronment
Other (4)
Energy /uni0069nfrastructure (2)
Onshore w/uni0069nd
Solar
Renewable other (3)
Offshore w/uni0069nd
Western Europe: £11.0bn
Other: £1.2bn
Un/uni0069ted K/uni0069ngdom: £12.3bn
£11.0bn
£1.2bn
£12.3bn
Total 
£24.5bn
Geographical split of 
climate and sustainable 
funding and financing 
in 2022(5)
71NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
During 2022(1), we reduced our direct own operations(2) emissions by 46%, against our 2019 baseline, 
and increased our renewable electricity consumption to 98% globally.
Our own operational progress 
In 2021, we disclosed an initial view of our upstream(3) emissions, and for 2022 we are disclosing both our upstream 
and downstream(4) emissions to report on our full operational value chain(5) emissions for the first time, covering 
Scopes 1, 2 and 3 (all relevant categories 1-14, with category 15 financed emissions covered in section 5.5.
Our 2022 total market-based operational emissions of 73,927 tCO2e covers Scopes 1, 2 and our direct own 
operations’ upstream Scope 3. This includes emission reductions from the use of green electricity covering 98% of 
our consumption through green tariffs and renewable electricity certificates, but in accordance with the 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol it does not include emissions reduction from the use of carbon credits.
We purchased and retired 120,000 carbon removal credits, assured under the Verified Carbon Standard (VCS), 
and Triple Gold certified to the Climate, Community & Biodiversity Alliance Standards (CCBA) to invest beyond our 
value chain, and provide benefits to climate, especially those that generate additional co-benefits for people and 
nature(6). By investing beyond our value chain, these carbon credits mitigate direct operational emissions of 73,927 
tCO2e in 2022, while we continue to decarbonise in line with the SBTi. Further detail of our decarbonisation plans 
can be found in the transition plan on our website at natwestgroup.com.
Operational emission reductions are linked to the remuneration of our executive directors. For further information, 
refer to the Directors’ Remuneration Report within 2022 NatWest Group plc Annual Report and Accounts.
Supply chain 
We have used a spend-based approach(9) to estimate our supplier emissions. In late 2022, we established a 
(multi-year) Supplier Decarbonisation Programme to support delivery of the 2030 and 2050 carbon reduction 
ambitions related to our operational value chain. This will involve collaborating with our suppliers to understand 
their capability, data, where they are on the journey to net zero, and what help they might need to progress.
We are also working with a third party to evaluate our supply chain using evidence-based assessments of 
sustainability performance enabling us to understand our wider impact and to identify where improvements can be 
made, and risks mitigated.
As part of increasing the sustainability of our cash and coin operations, we have engaged our suppliers to reduce 
the amount of single-use plastic coming in and going out of our cash centres and to improve the accuracy of data 
for our waste streams.
For our properties, the suppliers we work with must have environment and quality management accreditations 
and products used in fit-outs should meet all Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors SKA criteria as standard.
NatWest Group’s own operational footprint5.4
The table below presents an update on our climate ambitions related to our own operational footprint.
Own operations key performance indicators Target Year Baseline Year 2022 % Target Achieved 2021
Carbon and Energy
(RE100)(7) 100% renewable electricity for global operations (% global electricity) 2025 N/A 98% 98% 97%
50% emissions reduction from direct own operations (% total direct own operation emissions) 2025 2019 -46% 92% -44%
(EP100) 40% energy productivity improvement (% total energy) 2025 2015 41% 103% 36%
Electric Vehicles (EV100)
100% of our fleet vehicles electric (% of fleet converted to electric) 2025 N/A 3% 3%(10) 1%
Install EV chargers in 15% of large office spaces across our portfolio (% large office spaces with charging 
infrastructure) 2025 N/A 13% 87% 11%
Resource Use
Maintain zero waste to landfill in UK & Republic of Ireland (% waste diverted from landfill) 2025 2019 99.9% 99.9% 99.9%
Waste diverted from landfill and incineration (UK & Republic of Ireland)(8) 2025 2019 86% 91% 88%
Reduce paper consumption 70% (% paper reduced) 2025 2015 -67% 96% -65%
The historic values reported in the table above (and data on page 74 and 75) may be updated from values we reported in 2021. This is due to updated bills, data provision and extrapolations.
(1) Our own operational emissions reporting year runs from the 1st of October 2021 to the 30th of September 2022..
(2) NatWest Group defines direct own operations as our Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 (paper, water, waste, business travel, commuting 
and work from home) emissions. It therefore excludes upstream and downstream emissions from our value chain.
(3) Upstream emissions relate to the Scope 3 Categories 1-8 under the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.
(4) Downstream emissions relates to the Scope 3 Categories 9-15 under the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.
(5) Our operational value chain is Scope 1, Scope 2, Scope 3 (Categories 1-15, with categories 8, 10, 14 excluded and Category 15 
reported in section 5.5. For further details please refer to our 2021 NatWest Group plc Climate-related Disclosures Report where these 
categories are described in more detail.
(6) The SBTi recommends that companies invest to mitigate emissions beyond their value chain while they transition towards a state of net 
zero emissions. In accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, emission reductions cannot be achieved through the use of carbon 
credits.
(7) Using green tariffs and purchased renewable electricity certificates.
(8) Increase resource efficiency and the circular economy to ensure resources are valued and nothing is wasted. Further, zero waste will 
require us to maintain our zero landfill to waste achievements, with a goal to divert 95% of all waste from landfill and incineration.
(9) Category 1 and 2 emissions have been estimated using spend data and publicly sourced sector-specific emission factors.
(10) While progress is currently 3%, we are expecting the exit of Republic of Ireland activities to result in our fleet size further decreasing in 
size by 56%. The remaining fleet electrification by 2025 is planned in line with lease renewals and monitored through our own operations 
executive steering group.
72NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Own operational 2022 value chain
The charts opposite show a break down by emissions category of our direct own operational emissions during 2022 
and our upstream and downstream operational value chain emissions, which we are reporting for the first time.
NatWest Group uses the Greenhouse Gas Protocol to measure its emissions across Scopes 1, 2 and 3, where 
the latter is split into 15 categories. For a breakdown of these categories within our reporting scope, as well as a 
description of upstream reporting limitations, please see page 67 in our 2021 Climate-related Disclosures Report.
Data assumptions and limitations relating to preliminary estimates of operational value chain emissions:
 • We have used methodologies aligned to the Greenhouse Gas Protocol to estimate our preliminary emissions on 
our operational value chain.
 • Category 9 emissions use customer numbers to estimate the distance commuted to our branches.
 • Category 11 emissions analyses time spent on our app and website.
 • Category 12 emissions use paper and card numbers to estimate waste.
 • Category 13 uses our leased net internal area and intensity metric.
 • Data improvement programmes to review our preliminary estimations may cause these figures to be updated in 
the future.
As shown in the downstream chart opposite, downstream emissions have reduced by less than direct and 
upstream emissions. This is because downstream emissions are driven mainly by how our customers commute to 
our branches and use our products, and as such is more difficult for us to directly influence.
Energy
Following the return to the office after the easing of COVID-19 restrictions, we focused on the practice 
of using energy more efficiently and effectively in our operations and reviewed our processes 
to reduce consumption. These reviews include:
 • Building energy optimisation: our building plant equipment is continuously reviewed to maximise energy 
efficiency. Data analytics are used to proactively identify anomalous consumption, ensuring our buildings run 
more efficiently.
 • Energy audits: there have been audits carried out in most of our buildings this year to identify where we can 
improve energy efficiency and reduce consumption and this work will continue in 2023.
 • Data centres: we have consolidated our data centres to allow for more efficient IT architecture using fewer 
resources. The work carried out ensures that they run more efficiently, with lighting upgrades and optimisation 
of the data hall environmental controls already seeing a significant reduction in water and power usage.
 • Renewable electricity: in 2021, we committed to a Corporate Power Purchase Agreement (cPPA), bringing 
additional renewable generation capacity online to facilitate the decarbonisation of the UK grid. We are 
continuing to work towards this with additional cPPAs, and once constructed they are expected to generate 
59% of NatWest Group’s electricity demand in the UK by 2024.
 • Leased buildings: for our leased buildings in India, we are working with the landlords to review the scope for 
identifying energy-saving opportunities, assessing end of life for equipment, and creating an energy efficient 
replacement plan where possible.
 • Colleague engagement: we launched a bank-wide energy campaign in the second half of 2022 to help 
educate and engage our colleagues by sharing tips on how to reduce consumption at home and in the office 
through a series of activities, raising the importance of energy saving actions. This is an ongoing campaign 
which we will continue to work on in 2023.
2022 Breakdown of downstream operational 
value chain emissions (tCO2e)(*)
(1) Scope 2 location-based emissions are mainly from electricity, calculated using the national grid factors. As electricity makes up 
the majority of our Scope 2 emissions, our use of renewables drives significant reduction as shown in the diagram.
(*) Within the scope of EY assurance. Refer to page 10.
NatWest Group’s own operational footprint continued
2022 Breakdown of upstream operational 
value chain emissions (tCO2e)(*)
tCO 2 e Emissions
Scope 3 
category 1: 
Purchased 
goods and 
services
Scope 3 
category 2: 
Capital 
goods
Scope 3 
category 3: 
Fuel and 
energy 
related 
activities
Scope 3 
category 4: 
Transportation 
and 
distribution
Scope 3 
category 6: 
Well to tank 
business 
travel
2022 Total 
Scope 3 
upstream 
operational 
value chain
2019 Total 
Scope 3 
upstream 
operational 
value chain
816,642 43,262 26,544 11,131  1,279 898,858
1,014,452
2022 Breakdown of direct emissions 
from our own operations (tCO2e)(*)
Scope 1
tCO 2 e Em/uni0069ss/uni0069ons
16,240
62,976
(60,591)
3,357 170 8,611
43,164 73,927
177,056
Scope 2 
locat/uni0069on-
based
Impact of 
renewable 
electr/uni0069c/uni0069ty 
purchased (1)
Scope 3 
category 1: 
Paper and 
water
Scope 3 
category 5: 
Waste
Scope 3 
category 6: 
Bus/uni0069ness 
travel
 Scope 3 
category 7: 
Commut/uni0069ng 
and work/uni0069ng 
from home
2022 Total 
d/uni0069rect 
market-
based 
em/uni0069ss/uni0069ons
2019 Total 
d/uni0069rect 
market-
based 
em/uni0069ss/uni0069ons
tCO 2 e Em/uni0069ss/uni0069ons
Scope 3 
category 9: 
Dowstream 
transportat/uni0069on 
and 
commut/uni0069ng
Scope 3 
category 
11: Use of 
sold 
products
Scope 3 
category 12: 
End of l/uni0069fe 
treatment 
for sold 
products
Scope 3 
category 13: 
Leased 
assets
2022 Total 
Scope 3 
down -
stream 
operat/uni0069onal 
value cha/uni0069n
2019 Total 
Scope 3 
downstream 
operat/uni0069onal 
value cha/uni0069n
70,637
9,558 1,851
11,019 93,065
99,141
73NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
These charts present the 2019 to 2022 trends related to NatWest Group’s own direct operational GHG emissions, energy consumption, paper consumption, water consumption and waste generated. 
Following our return to the office and changes in our ways of working after the easing of COVID-19 restrictions, we have seen an 11% yearly increase in our market-based GHG emissions and 44% increase 
in our water consumption. However, these metrics remain well under 2019 levels while other key metrics have continued to trend downwards. 
Location-based GHG emissions (tCO2e) Energy consumption (GWh)
Water consumption (m3)
Market-based GHG emissions (tCO2e)
Waste generated (t) Paper used (t)
NatWest Group’s own operational footprint continued
(1) Location-based GHG emissions method reflects the average emissions intensity of grids on which energy consumption occurs (using grid-average emission factors). Market-based emissions reflect emissions from electricity procured from sources NatWest Group has selected, including 
renewable electricity. As renewable sources have nearly zero emissions associated with energy generation, market-based emissions are lower than location-based emissions. Refer to Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting and Emissions Methodology section on the following page 
for further details of the basis of GHG emissions calculation.
(2) Units of measure: tCO2e is metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent; GWh is Gigawatt hours of energy, MWh is Megawatt hours of energy; t is a metric tonne; m3 is a cubic metre; FTE is a full-time employee equivalent.
(3) Waste generated comprises: Recycled (2022 6,674t, 2021 8,486t, 2020 7,217t, 2019 9,405t), Incineration (2022 1,091t, 2021 1,170t, 2020 2,030t, 2019 2,832t), Reused (2022 239t, 2021 241t, 2020 464t, 2019 437t), Landfilled (2022 10t, 2021 9t, 2020 7t, 2019 42t).
2022 16,240 62,976 55,302
2019 20,083 118,967 108,861
2020 20,318 88,348 53,475
2021 19,210 74,620 45,164
Scope 1
Scope 2
Scope 3
tCO 2e per FTE
2.4
2.4
2.6
3.7 2019 20,083
2020 20,318
2021 19,210
2022
48,112
11,213
2,194
108,861
53,475
45,164
16,2402,385 55,302
Scope 1
Scope 2
Scope 3
tCO 2e per FTE
2.7
1.3
1.1
1.3
2019 272
2020 277
2021 269
2022
220
120
101
246 98
Renewable Energy
Non Renewable Energy
MWh per FTE
7.4
6.3
6.3
6.1
2019 12,716
2020 9,718
2021 9,906
2022 8,014
4.2
3.4
3.7
3.1
Waste Generated (t) kg per FTE per week
2019 931,943
2020 527,901
2021 370,470
2022 533,294
14.0
8.4
6.3
9.5
Water Consumpt/uni0069on (m3) m 3 per FTE
2019 5,986
2020 5,186
2021 3,621
2022 3,431
89.8
82.2
61.9
60.8
Paper Used (t) kg per FTE
74NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR)
2022 2021
Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions UK and offshore area(1)
Global total (excluding UK
and offshore)(1) UK and offshore area(1)
Global total (excluding UK
 and offshore)(1)
Emissions from the combustion of fuel and operation of any facility (Scope 1(2) Direct) CO2e (tonnes)(*) 14,877 1,363 17,560 1,650
Emissions from the purchase of electricity, heat, steam or cooling by the company for its own use (Scope 2(3) Indirect)  
Location-based CO2e emissions (tonnes)(*) 47,546 15,430 56,461 18,159
Total gross Scope 1 & 2 (location-based) emissions CO2e (tonnes)(*) 62,423 16,793 74,021 19,809
Energy consumption used to calculate above emissions (kWh) 298,262,392 35,070,567 329,317,585 40,484,981
Intensity ratio: Location-based CO2e emissions per FTE (Scope 1 & 2) (tonnes/FTE) 1.6 1.0 1.8 1.1
Scope 3(4) CO2e emissions from direct operations(5) (tonnes)(*) 39,559 15,743 36,197 8,967
Total gross Scope 1, 2 & 3 direct own operations (location-based) emissions CO2e (tonnes)(*) 101,982 32,536 110,218 28,776
Intensity ratio: Location-based direct own operations CO2e emissions per FTE (Scope 1, 2 & 3) (tonnes/FTE) 2.5 2.0 2.7 1.7
Scope 2 market-based(6) CO2e emissions (tonnes)(*) 13 2,372 8 2,186
(1) Offshore area as defined in The Companies (Directors Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and Carbon) Regulations 2018. This includes Jersey and Guernsey but not our overseas sites in America, EMEA and Asia-Pacific. These are included in the global total 
(excluding UK and offshore).
(2) Scope 1 emissions from natural gas, liquid fossil fuels, fluorinated gas losses and owned/leased vehicles.
(3) Scope 2 emissions from electricity, district heating and cooling used in NatWest Group premises.
(4) Scope 3 emissions from paper and water, category 5: waste (UK and Republic of Ireland only), category 6: business travel including air, rail, hired vehicles and our grey fleet, category 7: employee commuting and working from home.
(5) NatWest Group defines direct own operations as our Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 (paper, water, waste, business travel, commuting and work from home) emissions. It therefore excludes upstream and downstream emissions from our value chain.
(6) Market-based Scope 2 emissions. We have procured 100% of UK and Republic of Ireland and 98% globally from renewable sources using green tariffs and renewable electricity certificates. The 13 tCO2e arises from district cooling and district heating, which is used at only a few sites.
(*) Within the scope of EY assurance (2022 only). Refer to page 10.
Emissions methodology and basis of preparation
Boundary: this statement has been prepared in accordance with our regulatory obligation to report greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions pursuant to the Companies (Directors’ Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and Carbon 
Report) Regulations 2018 which implement the government’s policy on Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting. Our reporting year runs from the 1st of October 2021 to the 30th of September 2022. The emissions reporting boundary is 
defined as all entities and facilities either owned or under our operational control.
Calculation: emissions have been calculated using the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Standard and associated guidance and include all greenhouse gases, reported in tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) and global 
warming potential values. When converting data to carbon emissions, we use Emission Factors from UK Government Emissions Conversion Factors for Company Reporting (Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy, 2021, 
CO2 emissions from fuel combustion (International Energy Agency, 2021) or relevant local authorities as required. NatWest Group uses a third-party software system, to capture and record our environmental impact and ensure that 
control framework and assurance requirements are met. All data is aggregated at a regional level to reflect the total regional consumption. The regional consumption results are then collated to reflect the total NatWest Group footprint. 
CO2e values are attributed to these sources via an automatic conversion module in the third-party system. For more information, please see the own operational footprint page at natwestgroup.com.
NatWest Group’s own operational footprint continued
75NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
NatWest Group’s own operational footprint continued
Other Own Operational Initiatives 
Carbon Credits: in 2020 we set an ambition to procure 120,000 tCO2e each year in carbon removal credits up to 
2025. In 2022 we retired 120,000 tCO2e carbon removal credits, assured under the Verified Carbon Standard 
(VCS), and Triple Gold certified to the Climate, Community & Biodiversity Alliance Standards (CCBA) to invest 
beyond our value chain, and provide benefits to climate, especially those that generate additional co-benefits for 
people and nature. We intend to continue to mitigate our emissions beyond the value chain in line with SBTi 
recommendations. We recognise the importance of ensuring the integrity of natural capital and we screen 
nature-based carbon credits against established methodologies that offer leading additional environmental and 
social co-benefits
Nature: Using equipment funded by NatWest Group, the Wild Carbon Fund with the University of the West of 
England have begun research into the soil health of naturally regenerated woodlands in Cambridgeshire. The aim 
of the research is to develop a methodology that will allow the benefits of soil health and re-wilding to be measured 
and included in future carbon credit markets. Further, NatWest has partnered with Revere, a collaboration between 
National Parks and Palladium that aims to restore the UK’s best-loved protected landscapes. Large scale nature 
restoration projects will contribute to the collective strategy of NatWest and UK National Parks in the fight against 
climate change and biodiversity loss. For further detail on Nature, refer to our 2022 ESG Disclosures Report.
Internal Carbon Pricing: we are looking at options to calculate an internal price on carbon for our own operations 
and plan on trialling an approach to help drive sustainable decision-making.
Technology: a climate dashboard was created in 2022 to allow users to see the emissions for each server, 
application and domain and drill down into the detail available. This tool will assist with tracking progress of the 
reduction of our emissions and power utilisation across the group.
Design: we have a continued focus on delivering sustainable quality assured fit-outs across all of our buildings, 
using SKA ratings to assess fit-out projects against a set of sustainability criteria. In 2022, we achieved a silver SKA 
rating for an additional three branches and one office. By achieving silver, we are demonstrating sustainable 
workplace design and implementation. As part of our commitment to ensure responsible design of our buildings, we 
are trialling a carbon calculator specifically to understand and review our impact.
Innovation: in 2022 we trialled remote fixes to our ATMs in our hardest-to-reach branches via augmented reality, 
allowing our engineers to examine an ATM remotely.
Waste
Since 2019, we have reduced our waste by 37% by working with our colleagues to educate on the importance of 
the waste hierarchy and circular economy.
We have undertaken analysis of waste at our Gogarburn office to understand how we can achieve zero waste. 
This highlighted opportunities to reduce single use items by 3 tonnes and increase recycling by an estimated 1.3 
tonnes. We are working with our waste suppliers towards this zero waste ambition and engaging key stakeholders 
to capitalise on any opportunities there are to reduce, reuse and recycle through our findings and investments.
Our paper consumption has decreased by 67% from our 2015 baseline through actions such as our digital first 
options including giving customers the option to switch to paperless, as well as educating colleagues on the 
technology they can use instead of printing. Over the course of 2022, we have saved 15.7 million envelopes from 
being sent to our customers.
In our drive towards a circular economy, we continue to maximise use of pre-loved and up-cycled furniture. Across 
our branches, we re-used a total of 11,767 assets which diverted 461 tonnes of waste. Also, we continue our aim 
to remove single use plastics from our properties, with our key catering supplier removing the majority of plastic 
cups and cutlery from our main offices and our colleagues encouraged to opt for reusable options.
We have continued our ambition towards a more sustainable cash cycle with cash now leaving our UK cash 
centres without plastic wrapping and the notes un-sleeved in line with our charter.
New debit cards, made from 86% of recycled materials, have been introduced saving c.190 tCO2e over the past year.
We have delivered our most sustainable branch uniform yet in 2022, using recycled fabrics and reducing the use 
of packaging while working to reuse and recycle old uniforms where possible, with internal swap shops and 
donating non-branded items to charity.
Climate Group Initiatives
EP100 – we continue to be on track for our 2025 ambition with energy productivity increasing by 41% since 2015. 
Across our global portfolio compared with 2021, natural gas consumption decreased by 17% due to the reduced 
reliance on airflow required in our offices as COVID safety measures were removed. Also, electricity consumption 
decreased by 8% following the implementation of energy efficient plans that includes new ways of working and 
relocating to more efficient sustainable buildings.
RE100 – in 2022 we increased our consumption of renewable electricity to 98% across our global operations, 
including 100% of UK and Republic of Ireland consuming renewable electricity. We have achieved this through a 
combination of green tariffs and purchasing Renewable Electricity Certificates (RECs) for our landlord-supplied 
properties in India, Europe and the UK, where we are currently unable to specify a requirement for renewable 
electricity. To achieve our 2025 ambition for 100% global renewable electricity, we continue to work with our 
principal landlords to advocate for renewable electricity provision for all properties, where possible.
EV100 – we have installed electric vehicle charging points in 13% of our large office car park spaces across our UK 
portfolio and have converted 3% of our owned and operated fleet to electric vehicles. Since the EV100 ambition 
was set, the fleet has reduced in size by approximately 66%, and we are reviewing where we can positively impact 
other vehicle electrification outside of our ambition. We are reviewing our learnings from the EV100 plan and would 
like to adopt these practices across our global operations using electric transport where available and provide 
electric vehicle chargers for staff at our offices in India. We are also developing the design for an electric vehicle 
mobile branch pilot and supporting charging infrastructure to enable further roll-out.
76NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Absolute 
emissions = ∑i
Attr/uni0069but/uni0069on 
factori
Outstand/uni0069ng amounti
Total equ/uni0069ty + debti
x
Em/uni0069ss/uni0069ons
(w/uni0069th i = borrower 
or /uni0069nvestee)
Estimation of absolute emissions: In line with the PCAF Standard for financed emissions, we have estimated 
absolute emissions based on Scope 1 and 2 emissions attributable to loans and investments for the sectors or 
subsectors analysed. In addition, for our oil and gas extraction, land transport and automotive manufacturing 
sectors, we included Scope 3 emissions based on downstream use of products sold as they constitute a 
large proportion of the overall estimated emissions in these sectors. In general, we have sought 
to estimate absolute emissions based on the following formula prescribed by the PCAF Standard:
In February 2020, we set ourselves the challenge to at least halve the climate impact of our financing activity 
by 2030 and align with the 2015 Paris Agreement. Financing activity refers to the loans and investments (debt 
securities and equity shares) on NatWest Group’s balance sheet. We use financed emissions as a key metric 
to estimate the climate impact of our financing activity and set a baseline for our climate ambition to align with 
the 2015 Paris Agreement. Financed emissions are GHG emissions that NatWest Group finances through its 
lending and investment activity. These activities fall within Scope 3, category 15 of the GHG Protocol and are often 
the most significant part of a financial institution’s climate impact. Financed emissions can be measured as absolute 
emissions or emissions intensities. Absolute emissions, measured as million tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per 
year, reflect the impact of a financial institution’s lending and investment on economic activity e.g. production of 
goods and services, and related emissions. Emissions intensities can be measured as physical or economic 
emissions intensities. Physical emissions intensities are emissions per physical unit e.g. tonne or kilometre,  
and are sector-specific. Economic emissions intensities are emissions per £ lending or investment and can 
be aggregated and compared across sectors.
Estimating absolute financed emissions and emission intensity enables us to: 
 • identify, assess and manage climate-related risks and opportunities, 
 • understand the drivers of climate-related transition risks and opportunities in our business, 
 • set a baseline for climate action to align with the 2015 Paris Agreement, and the development of the initial 
iteration of our climate transition plan,
 • monitor the progress we are making against the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan.
During 2022, we worked on enhancing our capabilities and extending the scope of our financed emission models. 
We have now analysed 69% of our loans and investment portfolios based on the 2019 balance sheet. Our work 
was guided by the availability of methodologies for estimating financed emissions, most notably from the SBTi 
and PCAF. Financed emissions are published one year in arrears of our financial reporting date to allow time 
for appropriate data sourcing and review.
NatWest Group approach to estimating financed emissions 
Data quality: A common theme across all sector models relates to data limitations, including lack of published 
emissions data and granularity of customer information. As a result, the estimates included in this section are premised 
on use of assumptions, extrapolations or aggregation at subsector levels. Based on these limitations, we expect our 
estimates of emissions to change as we improve the granularity and coverage of customer climate data and develop 
our methodologies further. See page 80 for a summary of our PCAF data quality scores by sector.
We will continue to engage with customers and stakeholders, and participate in wider initiatives, to help enhance 
the availability of decision useful granular climate-related data for customers. Our measurement work to date has 
reinforced our understanding of the challenges involved in financed emissions calculation as well as the urgency 
and the scale of transition required to align our financing activities to the 2015 Paris Agreement and achieve net 
zero. As outlined in the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan, addressing the climate crisis is not something 
NatWest Group or any individual organisation can do on its own. There is a dependency on the UK Government 
and clear, timely regulatory policy and technology developments, as well as on our customers and society to 
respond. We have factored these dependencies and associated risks into our transition plan and continue our 
proactive work on policy engagement as well as developing partnerships to support the transition. Refer to  
section 3 for details on the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan.
During 2022, we published our sector level targets validated by the SBTi as science-based. The 2030 physical 
emissions intensities included in this section are based on external scenarios which outline policies, technology 
developments and other changes required to achieve the 2030 estimates. We will continue our work on enhancing 
our measurement capabilities and, over time, we expect climate data granularity to improve as we move towards 
utilising actual customer climate data.
Attribution factor: The PCAF Standard requires a financial institution’s share of absolute emissions to 
be proportional to the borrower’s or investee’s total (company or project) value. According to the GHG Protocol, 
absolute GHG emissions from loans and investments are allocated or attributed to the reporting financial institutions 
based on the proportional share of loans and investments in the borrower or investee. The attribution factor is 
calculated by determining the share of the outstanding amount of loans and investments of a financial institution 
over the total equity and debt of the borrower or investee company. 
Estimation of emission intensity: To calculate physical emissions intensity, the physical output unit was calculated 
based on customer production data (where available) or production proxies such as an average production-to-
revenue factor for customers with similar operations in the sector. This metric assumes that customers in a given 
sector have similar cost/revenue structures and that the sector operates essentially as a free market, absent of 
monopoly rents. Economic emissions intensities refer to absolute emissions per pound of lending or investment. 
These are calculated as a metric to help NatWest Group assess the marginal impact of its lending to its Scope 3, 
category 15 GHG emissions. This metric assumes that the marginal impact of a pound lent or invested for that 
sector does not depend on existing financing in the sector. In other words, each additional or marginal pound of 
lending or investment to a customer in that sector, results in the same additional or marginal increase in activity 
and thus emissions in the real economy.
Estimated convergence points: To estimate emissions intensity reduction required by 2030 (convergence year), 
we have used externally published independent scenarios to estimate convergence points for 2020, 2021, 2030 
and 2050 by sector based on a 2019 baseline. The convergence points are determined based on the rate of 
change required by the external scenario each year between 2019 and 2030. The graphs included in sector 
pages in this section include convergence points for 2020, 2021, 2030 and 2050, being the expected trajectory 
(convergence pathway) for alignment with the 2015 Paris Agreement. In general, we have used the UK CCC’s 
BNZ scenario or the IEA’s B2DS scenario for various sectors aligned with the Sectoral Decarbonization Approach 
(SDA) approach prescribed by the SBTi guidance. Aligned with the SBTi guidance, we have used those scenarios 
which require greatest percentage reduction in intensity for each sector Refer to page 89 for scenarios used for 
each sector.
Estimates of financed emissions5.5
77NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition planRisk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Link to NatWest Group balance sheet
The table below shows the on-balance sheet gross lending and investment exposure, accounted at amortised cost and FVOCI to sectors for which absolute emissions and emissions intensity analysis is included in this section at 
31 December 2021 and 2019.
As at 31 December 2021 As at 31 December 2019
System Sector
On balance 
sheet loans & 
investments 
(£bn)
Loans & 
investments
 analysed(1)
(£bn) % analysed
On balance  
sheet loans & 
investments 
(£bn)
Loans & 
investments
 analysed(1)
(£bn) % analysed Comments
Property
Residential mortgages 194.0 194.0(*) 100% 174.0 174.0 100%
Commercial real estate 18.3 15.6(*) 85% 23.2 17.7 76%
Lending secured by collateral is included for estimation of financed emissions. Unsecured lending and 
lending related to construction activities are excluded.
Construction 4.6 4.0 87% 3.5 2.9 83% Amounts analysed relate to construction related activities and exclude purchase and rental of machinery.
Mobility
Automotive 6.5 0.3 5% 6.2 0.3 5%
We have analysed automotive manufacturing and related activities. These activities are generally carried 
out by large companies which are expected to be in a position to change the emissions profile of vehicles 
than equipment manufacturers or car rental or sale companies.
Land transport and logistics 4.6 4.3 93% 3.8 3.8 100%
Land transport subsectors have been separately analysed due to differences in their emissions profiles. 
Exclusions include activities related to logistics including cargo handling and storage facilities.
of which Freight road 1.5 1.5 100% 1.1 1.1 100%
of which Passenger rail 0.6 0.6 100% 0.5 0.5 100%
of which Passenger road 2.2 2.2 100% 2.2 2.2 100%
Airlines and aerospace 1.5 0.9 60% 1.7 0.9 53%
We have analysed exposures related to operation and leasing of aviation transport equipment, with 
manufacturing and services activities being excluded.
Shipping 0.9 0.9 100% 1.2 1.2 100%
Energy 
Power utilities 4.1 3.5 85% 3.3 2.8 85% Loans and investments analysed relate to customers engaged in electricity generation activities.
Mining and metals 0.4 0.1 25% 0.6 0.1 17% We have analysed loans and investments related to aluminium and iron and steel.
Oil and gas 1.7 1.7(*) 100% 2.1 2.1 100%
Food
Agriculture 5.1 4.1(*) 80% 4.9 4.0 82%
We have analysed primary farming and fishing activities to estimate emissions. In addition, we have 
separately estimated emissions for land-use land-use change and forestry (LULUCF) as these activities 
support removal of CO2.
Manufacturing Building materials 1.3 0.1 8% 1.3 0.2 15% We have analysed the cement subsector within building materials.
Water and waste Water and waste 2.9 2.8 97% 2.5 2.4 96% We have analysed the waste sector.
Total excluding disposal group loans 245.9 232.3 228.3 212.4
Disposal group loans(2) 9.1 7.6 84% - - -
of which Residential mortgages 5.8 5.8 100% - - -
of which Wholesale 3.3 1.8 55% - - -
Total including disposal group loans 255.0 239.9 399.0 212.4
Total NatWest Group 425.3(3) 399.0(3)
Percentage 
analysed 56.4%(4) 53.2%(4)
Estimates of financed emissions continued 
(1) Loans and investments analysed refer to amounts included in estimation of financed emissions.
(2) Disposal group loans relate to UBIDAC loans where legally binding agreements for the sale of UBIDAC business have been announced as part of the phased withdrawal from the Republic of Ireland.
(3) Includes investments (Debt securities and Equity shares) of £45.6 billion at 31 December 2021 (£60.7 billion at 31 December 2019). Investments within sectors analysed are: construction £55 million at 31 December 2021 (nil as at 31 December 2019) and automotive £2 million at 31 December 2021 
(nil as at 31 December 2019).
(4) In addition to the above, lending amounting to £55.3 billion at December 2019, primarily related to financial institutions, housing associations, automotive and industrials sectors; and investments amounting to £7.9 billion, at December 2019, were assessed under the temperature 
alignment methodology and included within the SBTi temperature rating target. Including the amounts analysed under the temperature alignment methodology increases the overall lending and investments analysed as at December 2019 to 69%. Corresponding amounts at 
31 December 2021 were £58.9 billion for lending and £7.9 billion for investments, and overall amount analysed is 72%.
(*) Within the scope of EY assurance. Within agriculture, primary farming only. Refer to page 10.
78NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Estimates of absolute emissions and emissions intensities:
The table below shows estimates based on our work to date and should be read in conjunction with section 5.7 (Caution about climate metrics) and Risk Factors included in the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts. The table below 
shows NatWest Group’s estimated (i) absolute emissions, (ii) physical and economic emissions intensities, (iii) physical emissions intensity reduction estimates for year 2030 aligned to NatWest Group’s climate ambition to halve the climate 
impact of financing activity, including those validated by the SBTi as science-based. We will continue to work on these in 2023 and further refine our estimates as we enhance our understanding, calculation methodologies and data. As 
detailed throughout this section, we have used a combination of methodologies (some of which are still under development) to estimate these emissions.
2021 2019 2030
System Sector
Scope 1  
and 2
(MtCO2e)
Scope 3 
(MtCO2e)
Physical emissions 
intensity
Economic 
emissions 
intensity
Scope 1  
and 2
(MtCO2e)
Scope 3  
(MtCO2e)
Physical emissions  
intensity
Economic 
emissions 
intensity 
Physical emissions intensity 
reduction
Property
Residential mortgages 3.1(*) 37.8 kgCO2e/m2(*) 15 3.0 38.7 kgCO2e/m2 17 49%(1)
Commercial real estate 0.3(*) 56.6 kgCO2e/m2(*) 19 0.4 56.0 kgCO2e/m2 21 60%(1)
Construction 0.6 43.4 tCO2e/£m 128 0.4 46 tCO2e/£m 154 52%(2)
Mobility
Automotive manufacturing (3,4) 0.5 250 gCO2e/vkm 1,363 0.3 260 gCO2e/vkm 1,362 24%(1)
Land transport and logistics
of which Freight road (4) 0.1 0.2 45.9 gCO2e/tkm 216 0.1 0.2 36.7 gCO2e/tkm 292 19%(1)
of which Passenger rail(4) 0.2 0.1 59.4 gCO2e/pkm 506 0.3 0.2 50.6 gCO2e/pkm 976 42%(1)
of which Passenger road(4) 0.2 0.2 86.9 gCO2e/pkm 152 0.2 0.3 64.9 gCO2e/pkm 221 31%(1)
Airlines and aerospace
of which Aviation 0.4 414 1.8 2,122 28%(2)
Shipping(5) 0.2 243 0.4 319 28%(2)
Energy
Power utilities
of which Electricity generation 0.5 116.7 kgCO2e/MWh 156 2.4 223.2 kgCO2e/MWh 885 76%(1)
Aluminium(3) 7.0 tCO2e/tonne 1,215 2.5 tCO2e/tonne 1,155 28%(1)
Iron and steel 0.3 1.9 tCO2e/tonne 5,417 0.3 1.6 tCO2e/tonne 4,820 50%(1)
Oil and gas(4) 0.9(*) 0.2(*) 2.4 tCO2e/TJ 487 1.7 1.9 2.6 tCO2e/TJ 736 38%(2)
Food
Agriculture
of which Agriculture primary farming 3.9(*) 2,111 tCO2e/£m(*) 958 4.1 2,075 tCO2e/£m 1,033 26%(2)
of which Agriculture LULUCF (3) (131) tCO2e/£m (358) (333) tCO2e/£m (729)
Manufacturing Building materials
of which Cement 0.2 2,250 0.5 0.6 tCO2e/tonne 2,586 67%(1)
Water and 
Waste
Water and waste
of which Waste 1.0 1,089 tCO2e/£m 1,082 1.0 1,164 tCO2e/£m 1,572 47%(2)
(1) Physical emissions intensity reduction targets validated by SBTi, as science based.
(2) Sectors within the scope of temperature rating targets validated by the SBTi as science based. For oil and gas and agriculture, SBTi SDA methodologies are still under development and we expect to set targets aligned with the SDA approach as these methodologies develop.
(3) 2019 and 2021 Scope 1 and 2 emissions are below 0.1 MtCO2e.
(4) Scope 3 emissions are included in the estimation of physical emissions intensity.
(*) Within the scope of EY assurance. Refer to page 10.
Estimates of financed emissions continued
79NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Current data limitations result in the use of judgements and assumptions in the estimation of financed emissions.
The PCAF Standard for financed emissions recommends applying a data quality scoring methodology to help assess data quality challenges and recognise areas for improvement. PCAF’s ratings assign directly collected customer 
emissions data a better score while estimated or extrapolated data achieves lower scoring. A PCAF score of 1 is typically considered to have a very low margin of error for estimation of financed emissions, while a PCAF 
score of 5 is typically considered to have a much larger margin of error. Data limitations mean that sectors are generally foot-printed using a mixture of customer-specific emissions and estimated data. 
The table shows the percentage of exposures in each sector for which (a) externally published emissions and production data has been used; (b) revenue estimates have been used; or (c) extrapolation has been applied to estimate 
emissions, and related data quality scores. Data quality scores vary across sectors based on source of data as well as level of estimation required.
2021 2019
System Sector
Published emissions 
/ Production data 
(%) Data quality(1)
Revenue estimated 
emissions(%) Data quality
Sector estimated 
emissions (%) Data quality
 Overall  
data quality  
score
Overall  
data quality  
score
Property
Residential mortgages 56 3 – – 44 5 3.9(*) 4.1
Commercial real estate 16 3 – – 84 5 4.7(*) 5.0
Construction 2 3 30 4 68 5 4.7 4.7
Mobility
Automotive manufacturing Scope 3 94 2 2 4 4 5 2.2 3.3
Land transport and logistics 1 2 73 4 26 5 4.2 4.2
Airlines and aerospace
of which aviation 10 1 52 4 38 5 4.1 4.5
Shipping 25 1 64 4 11 5 3.4 3.3
Energy
Power utilities
of which electricity generation 68 3 8 4 21 5 3.5 3.4
Aluminium – – 4 4 96 5 5.0 5.0
Iron and steel 7 1 45 4 48 5 4.3 4.0
Oil and gas Scope 1 and 2 20 1 23 4 57 5 4.0(*) 4.5
Oil and gas Scope 3 49 1 25 4 26 5 2.8(*) 4.6
Food
Agriculture – – 50 4 50 5 4.5 4.5
of which agriculture primary farming – – 50 4 50 5 4.5(*) 4.4
of which agriculture LULUCF – – 39 4 61 5 4.6 4.9
Manufacturing Building materials
of which cement 6 2 18 4 76 5 4.7 2.1
Water and waste Water and waste
of which waste 6 3 36 4 58 5 4.5 4.5
(1) Data quality score of 1 represents the use of customers reports with emissions data verified by a third-party auditor. A score of 2 represents use of data from customers reports without third-party verification and a score of 3 represents use of production data to estimate emissions.
(*) Within the scope of EY assurance. Refer to page 10.
To estimate financed emissions by sector, we look at emissions on a customer basis. For the residential mortgages and commercial real estate sectors, we use EPC ratings to estimate emissions. For other sectors, the following 
approach is applied: 
1. Where available, we use customers’ published financed emissions to estimate NatWest Group‘s financed emissions. These are sourced from third parties who have processes in place to gather and validate this data. We also use 
published production capacity data where available.
2. Where published financed emissions are not available, we use other externally published financial and non-financial data to estimate emissions e.g. customer revenue data to estimate production levels or emissions based on a  
sectoral-average revenue intensity factor. 
3. For customers for which externally published emissions or other data are not available, we estimate emissions based on the emissions for other customers in the sector, assuming that the emissions profile for customers for which 
published data is not available, is comparable to the rest of the customers within the same sector.
Purchased carbon offsets are not taken into consideration as part of our footprint modelling in order to provide a true reflection of emissions produced. Sequestration via our LULUCF sector is modelled in line with best practice.
Estimates of financed emissions continued
80NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Overview of data limitations
There are various data limitation challenges associated with the estimation of financed emissions due to the lack 
of available, granular, reliable and verifiable customer and counterparty data. In addition, other limitations on the 
estimation of financed emissions include:
 • Lag effect of availability of customer data: While we have estimated emissions for on-balance sheet lending 
and investment at December 2021, 2020 and 2019, published customer data may not always correlate to these 
dates. We source customer data from external third parties who specialise in collating data from published 
reports. While we look at data corresponding to NatWest Group balance sheet dates for which emissions are 
being estimated, underlying customer data may relate to different dates. This may result in a lag in reflecting 
any changes in customer circumstances within NatWest Group’s financed emissions.
 • Decarbonisation of the power grid: Scope 2 emissions relate to emissions from purchased sources including 
electricity. Given the UK Government’s legislated net zero 2050 target per the Climate Change Act amendment 
published in June 2019 and the announcement in the Energy White Paper updated in December 2021 of full 
decarbonisation of the power grid by 2035, and accelerated roll-out of offshore wind deployment, the UK is 
experiencing rapid decarbonisation of the power grid including a decline of coal’s share as fuel for the UK 
power grid to almost zero in 2022. There may be a lag in decarbonisation of the power grid and the reporting 
by customers of the resulting reduction in Scope 2 emissions. To minimise the extent of overstatement of Scope 
2 emissions, we have adjusted for the estimated impact of decarbonisation of the power grid between the year 
of EPC assessment and year of estimation of emissions for residential mortgages and commercial real estate. 
For other sectors, Scope 2 emissions may be overstated to the extent of benefit from power grid 
decarbonisation since the previous reporting date of the customer.
 • Estimation of emissions based on on-balance sheet exposures: Consistent with the PCAF Standard, 
we estimate emissions on on-balance sheet lending and investment only. As a result, commitments made to 
customers that haven’t been drawn by the customers at the date of calculation are excluded. This may result 
in a variation in financed emissions from year-to-year as a result of customer drawdowns and repayments.
 • Susceptibility to variation year-on-year: As noted previously, we use customer emissions, production and 
revenue data to estimate financed emissions. Customer revenue and production are susceptible to change 
for various reasons including most recently, the impact of COVID 19, as well as consolidation in the sector, 
changing supply/demand market conditions, new entrants, and changes in the policy or funding environment 
resulting in variation in NatWest Group financed emissions year-on-year. As customers’ disclosures develop 
to include their emissions, the reliance on other metrics will reduce. In the meantime, variation in our financed 
emissions may not always reflect changes in customers’ emissions, but could result from changes in other 
factors used to estimate emissions in the absence of externally published emissions by customers.
 • Emissions intensities reflect averages for the sector: Emissions intensity estimates are not comparable 
across different financial institutions as they are based on data related to NatWest Group customers and 
may be higher or lower than the average across other financial institutions.
 • Double counting of Scope 3: Scope 3 emissions represent emissions across the value chain for a given sector 
including upstream emissions, such as in processing the rare earth metals which go into the electronics in a 
wind turbine and downstream emissions such as emissions from losses in the power grid during operation of the 
wind turbine. Our disclosure of Scope 3 emissions is currently limited to just the oil and gas extraction, 
automotive manufacture and land transport sectors. However, it is a known issue of the methodology that 
‘double counting’, whereby the Scope 1 or 2 emissions for a given sector may correspond to Scope 3 for 
another sector, which uses the outputs of the first sector as an input, cannot be entirely avoided since the 
allocation of emissions in the potential overlap is difficult to estimate. As a result there is a likelihood of double 
counting of Scope 3 emissions where our customers could be in the same value chain as other NatWest Group 
customers. Currently, our customers do not disclose who their suppliers or customers would be, thus making 
the identification of potential double counting of our Scope 3 emissions very difficult - and the possibility of 
double counting likely.
 • Scope 3 definition differences: Definition of Scope 3 applied by customers within a sector may include 
different activities. This could result in variation in Scope 3 emissions reported by customers within the same 
sector. Limitations regarding Scope 3 emission estimates are noted in the PCAF Standard: "PCAF acknowledges 
that, to date, the comparability, coverage, transparency, and reliability of Scope 3 data still varies greatly per 
sector and data source”.
We will continue to work with customers to encourage them to publish emissions disclosures. In ‘A roadmap 
to mandatory climate-related disclosures’ (November 2020), Her Majesty’s Treasury (HMT) set out regulators’ 
intentions to require mandatory TCFD climate-related disclosures across the UK economy by 2025. In addition, 
from February 2022, the FCA Policy Statement on ‘Proposals to enhance climate-related disclosures by listed 
issuers and clarification of existing disclosure obligations’ introduced new Listing Rules that require commercial 
companies with a UK premium listing to make climate-related disclosures, consistent with TCFD, on a ‘comply or 
explain’ basis. Further, as of 5 April 2022, The Companies (Strategic Report) (Climate-related Financial Disclosure) 
Regulations 2022 were published, which make climate-related financial disclosures mandatory for certain publicly 
quoted companies, banks, insurance companies and large private companies. These legal and regulatory 
expectations will help enhance the quality of emissions data available for use by NatWest Group to estimate 
our financed emissions.
Estimates of financed emissions continued
81NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Estimates of financed emissions continued
Pages 82 to 87 include details on methodologies used to estimate financed emissions for sectors analysed. Also included are graphs for each sector which show the (i) external scenario pathway 
(ii) estimated convergence points for 2020, 2021, 2030 and 2050 based on a 2019 baseline; (iii) NatWest Group estimated physical emissions intensity for 2019, 2020 and 2021 and (iv) an assessment 
of NatWest Group 2021 estimates and the 2021 converge points.
Residential mortgages
Residential mortgages
Residential mortgages comprise 46% of the NatWest Group loans and advances at 31 December 2021 (31 December 
2019 44%). Since 2019, absolute emissions have increased by 2% while physical emissions intensity decreased slightly 
over the same period, reflecting the continued focus on customer transition and improvement in EPC ratings since 2019, 
and improvement in the availability of EPC data.
To estimate financed emissions, we used both EPC ratings and original Loan to Value (LTV) in line with  
the PCAF Standard.
 • EPC data is an estimate of the underlying climate impact. EPC data is sourced from publicly available information. As 
EPC ratings only need to be updated every 10 years or after significant retrofits, at the point of sale or if leased, not 
all properties have current EPC ratings. Refer to section 5.2 for details on EPC data sourcing and limitations. Where 
EPC data is not available, a scaling factor is applied to estimate absolute emissions and floor space. We have assumed 
that the population for which EPC data has not been obtained is reflective of the population where such data was 
available.
 • EPC data has not been adjusted for any assumed energy efficiency changes to the property since the date of 
inspection. For Scope 2 absolute emissions estimates, EPC data has been adjusted only for the decarbonisation of the 
UK power grid between the year of inspection and date of estimation of financed emissions.
Original LTVs have been calculated based on outstanding loan balance at the calculation date, divided by original 
property values at the time of mortgage origination.
We have used the IEA ETP B2DS World pathway to estimate the physical emissions intensity reduction of 49% required 
by 2030, as validated by the SBTi as science-based.
CRE
Amounts analysed of £15.6 billion at 31 December 2021 (31 December 2019 £17.7 billion) include lending for the 
purchase, refinance and development of commercial real estate. Since 2019, absolute emissions have decreased by 22% 
reflecting the decrease in lending balance.
To estimate financed emissions, we used both EPC ratings and property values. Financed emissions reflect Scope 1 and 2 
emissions related to the energy use of buildings financed, during their operation (energy consumed by the property’s 
occupants and shared facilities).
 • We use EPC data to estimate emissions for CRE lending, aligned with the methodology used for residential mortgages.
 • Domestic EPCs are adjusted to reflect improvements in the electricity grid since the date of EPC inspection. 
For properties where the EPC inspection date has not been obtained (non-domestic), the adjustment is applied for the 
average change in emissions intensity in the ten years prior to the reporting year.
 • Where EPC data is not available, emissions are estimated using average emissions based on property type and region 
from properties for which EPCs are available. This assumes that the population for which EPC data is available is 
reflective of the population where such data was not available.
 • In cases where multiple properties are secured by lending facilities, to estimate financed emissions at a property level, 
we apportioned loan values to underlying properties so emissions can be assessed based on EPC ratings of underlying 
properties.
 • To calculate the attribution factor for our share of each property’s emissions, we have used property valuation at 
origination in line with the PCAF Standard.
We used the UK CCC BNZ scenario to create a decarbonisation trajectory for this sector, estimating that the physical 
emission intensity of our CRE loans and investment portfolio needs to reduce by 60% by 2030, as validated by the SBTi as 
science-based. The key assumptions underlying the pathway relate to improving energy efficiency, replacing fossil fuels 
and decarbonisation of the grid.
Estimated emissions intensity (kgCO2e/m 2)
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
2019 2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
Convergence 
pathway
IEA ETP B2DS 
(World) Pathway
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
Commercial real estate (CRE)Estimated physical intensity (kgCO2e/m 2)
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
2019 2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
Convergence 
pathway
UK CCC 
BNZ Pathway
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
 Under or equal to the convergence pathway  Above convergence pathway by up to 5%  Above convergence pathway by more than 5%
Property
2021 NatWest Group estimate - RAG status
82NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Estimates of financed emissions continued
Automotive manufacturing Automotive manufacturing
Since 2019, absolute emissions have increased by 40%, primarily related to Scope 3 emissions, reflecting increases 
in lending and a marginally lower emissions intensity.
To estimate financed emissions we included analysis of the manufacture of motor vehicles, motorcycles, caravans, 
trailers, and semi-trailers.
 • Scope 1 and 2 emissions were either directly sourced from a customer’s published emissions data or estimated 
using revenue or economic intensities, where possible.
 • For Scope 3 emissions estimation, well-to-wheel emissions are estimated using well-to-tank and tank-to-wheel 
emissions based on sales data for 88% of the lending using BEIS emission factors from their Greenhouse gas 
reporting conversion factors 2021 disclosure. Scope 3 emissions for the remaining 12% lending were estimated 
based on their relative exposure.
i. Well-to-tank emissions result from the production, processing, and delivery of fuel before combustion in an 
automobile engine.
ii. Tank-to-wheel emissions relate to the combustion of fuel in an automobile’s engine, released directly at the 
tailpipe of the vehicle.
 • Both well-to-tank and tank-to-wheel emissions are estimated for Scope 3 emissions as both sets of activities are 
required for the automobile to operate. As noted previously, estimation of Scope 3 emissions, particularly within 
the oil and gas, transportation, and automotive sectors, introduces the potential for double counting of emissions.
We used the IEA ETP B2DS World scenario to estimate the physical emissions intensity reduction of 24% required by 
2030, validated by the SBTi as science-based. Key assumptions underlying the pathway are the electrification process 
of passenger travel and assumed decrease in demand for passenger travel and long-term emissions reduction due 
to the use of alternative energy carriers. Refer to the mobility systems within section 3.4 for further details.
Estimated emissions intensity (gCO2e/vkm)
0.00
0.05
0.10
0.15
0.20
0.25
0.30
2019 2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
Convergence 
pathway
UK CCC 
BNZ Pathway
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
 Under or equal to the convergence pathway  Above convergence pathway by up to 5%  Above convergence pathway by more than 5%
Mobility
2021 NatWest Group estimate - RAG status
83NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Estimates of financed emissions continued
Mobility (Continued)
Land transport – Freight road
This comprises all passenger transport made by light duty and non-light duty vehicles (passenger road), 
rail and freight, including coach services and companies renting automobiles. Since 2019, absolute emissions 
reduced by 26% while emissions intensity increased across freight toad, passenger rail and passenger road.
Separate scenarios have been used for subsectors within the land transport sector, to reflect different metrics 
and underlying variables. Reductions of 19% on freight road transport, 42% on passenger rail transport and 31% 
on passenger road transport are required to align to the IEA ETP B2DS World scenario. These physical emissions 
intensity reductions by 2030 have been validated by the SBTi as science-based.
Land transport – Passenger rail Land transport – Passenger road
Estimate emissions intensity (gCO2e/p-km)
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
2019 2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
Convergence 
pathway
EA ETP B2DS 
World Passenger Road
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
Estimated emissions intensity (gCO2e/p-km)
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
2019 2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
Convergence 
pathway
IEA ETP B2DS 
World Passenger Rail
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
Estimated emissions intensity (gCO2e/t-km)
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
2019 20252021 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
Convergence 
pathway
IEA ETP B2DS 
World Freight Road
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
 Under or equal to the convergence pathway  Above convergence pathway by up to 5%  Above convergence pathway by more than 5%
2021 NatWest Group estimate - RAG status
84NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Estimates of financed emissions continued
Electricity generation Electricity generation
Since 2019, absolute emissions have reduced by 78% and emissions intensity has significantly decreased reflecting 
increased focus on lending related electricity generated by renewables. This is aligned with NatWest Group’s status 
as a leading lender to the UK power and renewables sector over the last 10 years.
For the estimation of financed emissions and emission intensities we have analysed customers engaged in 
power and heat generation as their primary activity in alignment with the SBTi definition of electricity generation. 
The approach to estimate financed emissions is outlined below:
Direct emissions: Where available, we have used published emissions for customers.
Construction projects: Projects under construction were assigned nil emissions as these are not currently 
generating electricity.
Capacity estimation: Where available, production capacity data was used to estimate electricity production and 
related emissions based on the average performance of the technology of the power plant. We used customer-level 
production capacity data to estimate production, based on average load factors from BEIS (percentage of time a 
plant runs through the year, based on supply/demand dynamics caused by dispatch costs and wholesale power 
prices). We then multiplied the resulting production with UK-level average emissions factors from BEIS (emissions 
per MWh of electricity generated by a particular technology, such as natural gas).
Identified renewables: Projects that generate electricity from renewable sources generate no Scope 1 emissions.
Revenue intensity: Where emissions and production data are not available, we use revenue emissions intensities, 
the PCAF database and revenue production intensity. Specifically, we multiply customer-level revenue by average 
revenue intensity factors for power generation (emissions per £ of revenue). This assumes that all customers in the 
electricity generation sector have similar cost/revenue structures and that the sector operates as a free market, 
absent of monopoly rents. Average UK level statistics were used for estimating Scope 1 revenue intensity while 
PCAF revenue intensity estimates were used for estimating Scope 2 emissions.
For the electricity generation sector, physical emissions intensity is measured in units of kilogram of CO2 equivalent 
per megawatt hour (kgCO2e/MWh). To estimate the reduction in emissions intensity required by 2030, we used 
the UK CCC BNZ scenario, which requires a 76% reduction in emissions intensity relative to a 2019 baseline. 
The reduction in physical emissions intensity by 2030 has been validated by the SBTi as science-based.
CCC estimates assume a decrease in carbon intensity of electricity generation in a phased manner with:
 • Focus during 2020-2030 on phase-out of coal-based electricity generation and deployment of 
 low-cost renewables at scale;
 • Focus during 2030-2040 on displacement of unabated gas by 2035 with low carbon alternatives e.g. 
renewables; and;
 • Operating a near-zero electricity system during the 2040s.
Estimated emissions intensity (kgCO2e/MWH)
0
50
100
150
200
250
2019 2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
Convergence 
pathway
UK CCC 
BNZ Pathway
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
 Under or equal to the convergence pathway  Above convergence pathway by up to 5%  Above convergence pathway by more than 5%
Energy 
2021 NatWest Group estimate - RAG status
85NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Oil and gas
Since 2019, absolute emissions have reduced by 69% reflecting reduced lending aligned with our climate ambition 
with an aim to end harmful activities.
In addition to estimating Scope 1 and 2 emissions aligned with other sectors analysed, we have also estimated 
Scope 3 financed emissions upstream activities related to extraction, as prescribed by the PCAF Standard on 
Financed Emissions, as these activities have a high climate impact.
 • Emissions intensity was estimated by considering the location of main areas of operation for customers 
across the Norwegian North Sea and five sub-regions of the North Sea. For each of these regions, the physical 
emissions intensity has been derived from publications of the Norwegian Petroleum Directorate and of the North 
Sea Transition Authority. The estimated emissions intensity for NatWest Group was calculated as the weighted 
average of the emissions intensity of each customer, based on its location of operation.
 • Our estimated Scope 3 financed emissions are calculated using the published Scope 3 emissions of our customers, 
while published emissions from the wider industry are used to calculate the industry revenue intensity. 
 • We have used different pathways for Scope 1 and 2, and Scope 3 emissions as the underlying drivers for 
emissions generation, as well as for their reduction, are likely to be different.
 • We have used the UK CCC BNZ scenario to estimate physical emissions intensity reductions required by 2030 
for Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Scope 1 and 2 emissions arise from processes related to the supply of fuel e.g. 
extraction, production and related activities of oil and gas companies.
We have used IEA NZE scenario for Scope 3 emissions resulting from the downstream combustion of oil and gas.
As a result, while Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions may be reduced by adoption of more efficient production 
methodologies, Scope 3 emissions reductions will require demand reduction through behavioural changes, 
fuel switching and electrification of combustion processes.
NatWest Group aims to align its Scope 1, 2 and 3 portfolio temperature score by loan value from 3.2°C in 2019 
to 2.3°C by 2030, as validated by the SBTi as science-based. The temperature rating estimate reflects potential 
warming in 2100 above pre-industrial levels based on current emissions targets set by customers within the 
sectors covered by the assessment. Where available, we used GHG emissions reduction targets disclosed by 
customers through CDP to calculate temperature scores for each customer. Customers who did not have 
externally disclosed targets through CDP were assigned a default score of 3.2°C.
Targets set by customers are expected to become more ambitious, aligned with expected regulatory 
developments including disclosure requirements. This will reduce the use of default score of 3.2°C, currently 
allocated to customers, replaced by actual temperature ratings linked to their targets. As a result, NatWest 
Group portfolio temperature rating is expected to decrease over time, eventually converging to 1.5°C. Further 
analysis of the SBTi temperature rating methodology is available within the Measuring Portfolio Alignment report.
Oil and gas
Estimated production intensity (tCO2e/TJ)
0
1
2
3
4
5
2019 2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
UK CCC 
BNZ Pathway
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
Convergence 
pathway
Estimates of financed emissions continued
Energy (Continued) 
 Under or equal to the convergence pathway  Above convergence pathway by up to 5%  Above convergence pathway by more than 5%
2021 NatWest Group estimate - RAG status
86NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Estimates of financed emissions continued
Agriculture – Primary farming Primary farming
Financed emissions were estimated for primary farming activities (including fishing) and Land-Use, Land-Use 
Change and Forestry (LULUCF) with analysed exposures amounting to £4.1 billion at 31 December 2021 
(£4.0 billion at 31 December 2019). Since 2019, emissions have decreased by 4% and emissions intensity increased. 
To estimate financed emissions, we used revenue intensity by activity from the Exiobase database. This approach 
is necessary as primary farming activities do not have a homogenous unit of output base (i.e. farmers sell different 
products).
 • Exiobase is a global, detailed multi-regional environmentally extended supply use table and input-output table. 
Exiobase was developed by harmonising and detailing supply use tables for a large number of countries, 
estimating emissions, and resource extractions by industry.
 • Exiobase was used to estimate revenue emissions intensity for different categories of primary farming at the 
subsector level (such as cereal growing, dairy farming, etc). We then mapped the NatWest Group’s primary 
farming categories to the Exiobase subsectors in order to use customer-level revenue data in conjunction with 
the Exiobase revenue emissions intensities, to estimate emissions for primary farming.
We used the UK CCC BNZ scenario to create a pathway to 2050 net zero, estimating that the emission intensity 
of Primary Farming would need to reduce by 27% by 2030.
 • Emission intensity was estimated using revenue projections for the agriculture sector in the UK to 2050 based 
on the assumption that food demand grows in line with the World Bank’s population forecasts for the UK.
 • The estimated convergence points for the agriculture sector are based on the estimates for a change in 
growth rate of population to determine agricultural output through 2050. This assumption draws on data 
from the World Bank population estimates (published annually).
LULUCF
The agriculture sector has the potential for reduction in emissions and mitigation can be achieved through activities 
in the LULUCF sector that increase the removal of greenhouse gases from the atmosphere or decrease emissions 
by halting the loss of carbon stocks.
During 2022, we analysed exposures to LULUCF-related activities and will continue to work with agriculture customers 
to support LULUCF activities further. Our work with the Sustainable Food Trust on the Global Farm Metric will support 
this by providing detailed farm information so we can work with customers and support their transition.
Estimated revenue intensity (tCO2e/£million)
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
2,500
2019 2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
2019 - 2020 NatWest Group estimates
2021 NatWest Group estimate
UK CCC 
BNZ Pathway
2030 SBTi validated target
2050 convergence point
Convergence 
pathway
 Under or equal to the convergence pathway  Above convergence pathway by up to 5%  Above convergence pathway by more than 5%
Food
2021 NatWest Group estimate - RAG status
87NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Scenario selection
In addition to the estimation of baseline and current financed emissions, we estimate emissions reductions required 
in future years and have also set sectoral targets validated by the SBTi as science-based. This underpins the initial 
iteration of our Climate transition plan and identification of further opportunities to support our customers’ transition 
to net zero.
We use scenarios that are recognised in the industry and developed by independent and respected organisations 
to assess forward-looking pathways for different sectors. We have followed the SBTi requirement of selecting 
scenarios that are at least as ambitious as those in the SBTi SDA tool. We also tried to use as few scenarios as 
possible to keep the overall picture consistent. However, we had to compromise to keep our sectoral pathways 
ambitious and cover various sectors. For each sector, we compared the IEA’s B2DS World scenario against the 
UK CCC’s BNZ scenarios and selected the most ambitious pathway to 2030. We used IEA NZE for oil and gas 
(Scope 3 emissions) as it is the only scenario to contain this pathway. However, we did not use it for other sectoral 
pathways as it is less ambitious for most of the sectors. We will continue to assess updates in scenarios as these 
are published and incorporated in methodologies, including SBTi.
The main assumptions of the scenarios used for each sector and their potential impacts on emissions are noted 
on pages 82-87 and were discussed in more detail in our 2021 Climate-related Disclosures Report. Updates on 
policy assumptions were assessed as part of our work on developing the initial iteration of our Climate transition 
plan, included in section 3.4. The UK CCC and IEA scenarios have similar assumptions on technology deployment 
and policy support, so this approach enables NatWest Group to consider the impact of its financing and further 
support we can provide to customers to support their transition to net zero. 
For estimating physical emissions intensity reductions required by 2030 we used different scenarios than for 
our internal scenario analysis, which is based on the Network of Central Banks and Supervisors for Greening 
the Financial System (NGFS) scenarios. Although NGFS produced scenarios which satisfy the ‘well below 2°C’ 
requirement of the Paris Agreement (e.g. Net Zero 2050 scenario), they do not contain enough sectoral detail 
to set sectoral decarbonisation targets and support our work on financed emissions. However, since they have 
a similar end-of-century temperature target, our sectoral pathways could be considered broadly consistent with 
the Net Zero 2050 scenario used for our scenario analysis work.
Our internal climate scenario analysis, carried out to support participation in the CBES exercise allowed us to 
assess our exposure to climate-related risks across our lending and debt securities book, using NGFS produced 
scenarios which satisfy the `well below 2°C’ requirement of the Paris Agreement. The outcome from our internal 
scenario analysis was included in the assessment of heightened climate-related risk sectors which has informed our 
work on the analysis of financed emissions as well as developing the initial iteration of our Climate transition plan. 
We have continued to build our measurement capabilities to support the assessment of climate-related risks and 
opportunities within NatWest Group’s loans and investments using external scenarios aligned with the 2015 Paris 
Agreement. We have set sector targets validated by the SBTi as science based for 79% of our lending book as at 
31 December 2019 and 57% of debt securities and equity shares, excluding sovereign debt securities. As noted on 
the following page, the 2030 targets, validated by the SBTi, are based on external scenarios including the UK CCC 
BNZ scenario as well as the IEA B2DS scenario.
Methodologies, standards and standard setters
The table below summarises the various collaborations and guidance NatWest Group has used to develop 
methodologies for estimating financed emissions:
Organisation Use in NatWest Group methodology 
Partnership for Carbon 
Accounting Financials 
(PCAF)
Where available, NatWest Group uses methodologies in the PCAF Standard 
for Financed Emissions first published in November 2020. In addition, we 
have used PCAF data quality and disclosure principles to guide our work. 
The second edition of the PCAF Standard for Financed Emissions was 
published in December 2022. Our approach continues to be guided by the 
PCAF Standard and we will incorporate the latest updates during 2023.
Science Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi)
NatWest Group joined SBTi following the launch of financial sector science-
based targets guidance in 2020. We have used their Sectoral Decarbonisation 
Approach (SDA), where available, to assess initial emissions intensity 
estimates for 2030, for certain sectors. We have also followed SBTi 
and PCAF guidance where possible to choose the most appropriate 
emissions intensity metrics. During 2022, we published our 2030 sector 
targets validated by the SBTi as science-based.
Climate Change Committee 
(CCC)
The CCC published the Sixth Carbon Budget, the UK’s path to net zero in 
December 2020. As a largely UK-focused bank, we selected the UK CCC’s 
‘Balanced net zero’ pathway to determine emission reductions required 
by 2030, where possible. In developing the initial iteration of our Climate 
transition plan, we have used the UK CCC’s Progress in reducing emissions: 
2022 Report to Parliament as the basis of assessing current status of 
government policies.
The International Energy 
Agency (IEA)
We have used the IEA Beyond 2°C World Scenario (B2DS World) from 
the Energy Technology Perspectives (ETP) report for assessing estimates 
for emissions reduction by 2030 for sectors where the B2DS World scenario 
was more ambitious that the UK CCC’s BNZ scenario. For assessing 
reductions in Scope 3 emissions for the oil and gas sector, we have 
used the IEA Net Zero Emissions (NZE) scenario, published in 2021.
Estimates of financed emissions continued
88NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
The table below provides an overview of the standards, methodologies and scenarios utilised as inputs for assessing financed absolute emissions as well as physical emissions intensities (impact per unit of physical activity) or revenue 
emissions intensities (impact per unit of economic output) – dependent on the sector.
System Sector
Financed 
emissions 
standard Scenario
Approach(12) used to  
estimate physical emissions 
intensity in 2030
SBTi target
setting methodology(12)
Physical/Revenue emissions  
intensity metrics used to estimate 
reduction required by 2030
Property
Residential mortgages PCAF IEA ETP B2DS (World) SDA SDA kgCO2/metre2(1)
Commercial real estate PCAF UK CCC BNZ SDA SDA kgCO2/metre2(1)
Construction PCAF UK CCC BNZ SDA TR tCO2e/£million(2)
Mobility
Automotive manufacturing PCAF  IEA ETP B2DS (World) SDA SDA gCO2e/vkm(3)
Land transport and logistics  
of which freight road PCAF IEA ETP B2DS (World) SDA SDA gCO2/tkm(4)
of which passenger rail PCAF IEA ETP B2DS (World) SDA SDA gCO2/pkm(5)
of which passenger road PCAF IEA ETP B2DS (World) SDA SDA gCO2/pkm(5)
Airlines and aerospace
of which aviation PCAF IEA ETP B2DS (World) ACA(12) TR N/A(6)
Shipping PCAF IEA ETP B2DS (World) ACA(12) TR N/A(6)
Energy
Power utilities
of which electricity generation PCAF UK CCC BNZ SDA SDA kgCO2/MWh(7)
Aluminium PCAF IEA ETP B2DS (World) SDA SDA tCO2e/tonne(8) Aluminium
Iron and steel PCAF IEA ETP B2DS (World) SDA SDA tCO2e/tonne(8) Iron and steel
Oil and gas (Scope 1 and 2 emissions) PCAF UK CCC BNZ SDA TR  tCO2e/TJ(9)
Oil and gas (Scope 3 emissions) PCAF IEA NZE ACA(12) TR N/A(10)
Food Agriculture primary farming PCAF UK CCC BNZ SDA TR tCO2e/£million(2)
Agriculture LULUCF PCAF UK CCC BNZ SDA tCO2e/£million(2)
Manufacturing Building materials  
of which cement PCAF IEA ETP B2DS (World) SDA SDA tCO2e/tonne(8) Cement
Water and Waste Water and waste
of which waste PCAF UK CCC BNZ SDA TR tCO2e/tonne(11) Waste
(1) kgCO2/m2 is kilograms of carbon dioxide equivalent per square metre of financed floor space.
(2) tCO2e/£million is tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent emitted per million of revenue.
(3) gCO2e/vkm is grams of carbon dioxide equivalent per kilometre travelled over the lifetime of a vehicle financed by NatWest Group.
(4) gCO2/tkm is grams of carbon dioxide equivalent per kilometre which one tonne of freight financed by NatWest Group travels.
(5) gCO2/pkm is grams of carbon dioxide equivalent per kilometre travelled by one passenger, based on the travel activity financed by 
NatWest Group.
(6) SBTi guidance for aviation and shipping permits the use of Absolute Contraction Approach for estimating reduction in emissions in 
absolute terms as a percentage reduction between 2019 and 2030 instead of reduction per physical unit of activity.
(7) kgCO2/MWh is kilograms of carbon dioxide equivalent for the operation of a 1 megawatt power plant for one hour, as financed by 
NatWest Group.
(8) tCO2e/tonne is tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per tonne manufactured.
(9) tCO2e/TJ is tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per terajoule of energy extracted as a result of financing by NatWest Group.
(10) Oil and gas Scope 3 emissions arise from combustion of fuel. As a result, estimates for reduction are based on absolute emissions, 
aligned with the IEA NZE scenario.
(11) tCO2e/tonne is tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per tonne of waste generated.
(12) Sectoral Decarbonisation Approach (SDA), Absolute Contraction Approach (ACA), Temperature Rating (TR).
Estimates of financed emissions continued
89NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Banks play a key role as facilitators between issuers and investors, by offering and conducting 
financial intermediation activities critical to the functioning of capital markets. Estimates of 
facilitated emissions included in this section relate to NWM Group, including NWM N.V.
Methodology:
Although PCAF’s own methodology for financed emissions accounting continues to develop to provide an 
industry-wide approach, there is an increasing demand for additional disclosure by facilitators, such as NatWest 
Group, to address intermediation activities, the associated facilitated emissions and their impacts.
Facilitation activities differ from on-balance sheet lending in two respects: they are off-balance sheet (representing 
services rather than financing) and they can take the form of a flow activity (temporary association with 
transactions) rather than a stock activity (recorded on the balance sheet). The PCAF working group, gathered to 
support the development of a standard to estimate facilitated emissions, agreed that facilitated emissions need to 
be reported separately from financed emissions and are not additive with financed emissions.
To support the development of a standard to measure and report facilitated emissions related to underwriting of 
corporate bonds capital markets transactions across the industry, NWM Group joined the PCAF Working Group on 
Capital Markets Activities in January 2022.
The PCAF working group published a proposed methodology for facilitated emissions for capital market instruments 
in September 2022 prior to its consultation period.
Estimates of facilitated emissions from 
corporate bond underwriting
5.6
NatWest Group’s methodology used for reporting
1. The PCAF consultation paper recommends splitting the responsibility among the transaction lead managers (passive 
and active) based on volumes, which we source from Dealogic. This determines the proportion of the ‘facilitated’ part 
of the transaction each arranger takes responsibility for, thus providing the volume against which facilitated emissions 
is estimated(2,3). Co-managers are not counted and therefore such volumes are not taken into consideration
2. The PCAF consultation paper defines an issuer as solely corporates that issue a debt or equity capital markets 
instrument. Financial institutions and sovereigns, supranationals and agencies issuers were out of scope for the initial 
terms of reference for the PCAF working group and the proposed methodology included in the consultation paper.
3. NatWest Group has decided to apply a 100% weighting for the emissions estimation for the corporate bond 
capital markets transactions versus the Global Systemically Important Banks (G-SIB) alternative at 17%.
4. Identifying emissions to customers: where available, economic emissions intensities included in section 5.5 are 
used for customers for which volumes have been sourced following steps 1 and 2 above. Economic emissions 
intensities are applied to volumes, to estimate facilitated emissions.
5. Unmatched customers: for those customers that cannot be matched, the relevant sector averages are used(4,5).
6. Currently, green bonds do not have an explicit emissions footprint and therefore NatWest Group shows the 
breakdown of conventional versus green bonds to reflect the expected difference of estimated facilitated 
emissions associated with the bond underwriting.
Footnotes:
(1) NatWest Group 2021 CSFFI criteria published in October 2021 have been used to determine the assets, activities and companies 
that are eligible to be counted.
(2) NWM Group has chosen to recognise the entire volume amount in the year of underwriting as opposed to over the life of the 
security.
(3) Percentage underwriting refers to NWM Group’s allocation, which is calculated using Dealogic tranche value face (GBP)/no. of 
tranche lead managers.
(4) NWM Group sources customer-level emission data if possible. Where customer-level data is not available, sector averages are 
used for emission intensities from 2021 or 2020 against 2022 underwriting volumes.
(5) The use of 2020 emission intensities may not incorporate recent changes in business activities and could result in the reporting of 
a higher rate of facilitated emissions for the sector.
The chart below shows NWM Group’s percentage of underwriting by corporate sector taking 
into consideration climate and sustainable funding and financing issuance with estimated facilitated 
emissions percentages in 2022. Estimated facilitated emissions percentage reflects the percentage 
for a sector based on total estimated facilitated emissions for NWM Group. 
Power ut/uni0069l/uni0069t/uni0069es
% of total underwr/uni0069t/uni0069ng
Commerc/uni0069al real estate
Food and consumer
Telecommun/uni0069cat/uni0069ons
Reta/uni0069l
Chem/uni0069cals
Water and waste
Automot/uni0069ve
Industr/uni0069als
Other
Construct/uni0069on
Sh/uni0069pp/uni0069ng
Bu/uni0069ld/uni0069ng mater/uni0069als
40%
35%
30%
25%
20%
15%
10%
5%
0
50 1 1 6 0.3 2 6 15 1 1 2 14 1
cl/uni0069mate and susta/uni0069nable fund/uni0069ng and 
ﬁnanc/uni0069ng underwr/uni0069t/uni0069ng
Non cl/uni0069mate and susta/uni0069nable fund/uni0069ng 
and ﬁnanc/uni0069ng underwr/uni0069t/uni0069ng
% Fac/uni0069l/uni0069tated em/uni0069ss/uni0069on
In the absence of a finalised standard, NWM Group has used the recommendations of the PCAF consultation paper 
as the basis of our methodology to inform the estimation of facilitated emissions.
Facilitated emissions metrics presented relate only to capital markets corporate bond underwriting activities 
(per PCAF) and not any other intermediation or flow activities and services such as secondary trading.
As PCAF guidance evolves, NWM Group aims to further develop and align its methodology to report on 
its facilitated emissions. For the time being, it is important to note that the amounts presented are estimates.
Underwriting is an important part of the NWM Group’s business and the facilitated emissions related to this activity 
could potentially be significant. analysis on the bottom left indicates the following:
 • The financed emissions from the power utilities sector constitutes 50% of NWM Group’s estimated facilitated 
emissions, of which 63% are green bonds(1) that are expected to have a lower emissions footprint. However, the 
same emission intensity was applied regardless of issuance type.
 • The second highest contributing sector is the automotive industry with 15% of the estimated facilitated 
emissions, while only representing 3% of NWM Group’s total underwriting.
 • Building materials make up 14% of the estimated facilitated emissions, however, all of these issuances, 
were green bonds(1).
The remaining 10 sectors contributed 21% to the estimated facilitated emissions analysis making up 66% of 
the total underwriting of which 20% were green and sustainability bonds(1).
90NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Caution about climate metrics challenges.
Climate metrics, including aims, ambitions, estimates, forecasts, plans, projections and targets and other climate 
metrics used in this report, especially if they are forward-looking, merit special caution as they are more uncertain 
than metrics based solely on factual historical financial information. 
Climate metrics in this report include, among others:
 • estimates of historical emissions, such as financed emissions, absolute emissions, and various emissions intensity 
metrics, implied temperature rating or estimates of historical climate change, temperatures and other 
information; or
 • forward-looking climate metrics, such as ambitions, targets, climate scenarios and emissions intensity pathways, 
and estimated climate projections and forecasts. See ‘Caution about climate-related and other forward-looking 
statements and metrics in this report’ below.
The evolution of climate change and its impacts is highly uncertain, as are the metrics and methodologies used to 
measure, estimate and report those impacts and emissions. Accordingly, both historical and forward-looking climate 
metrics are more inherently uncertain and, therefore, less reliable than metrics based on historical financial statements. 
There are many significant uncertainties, assumptions and judgements underlying climate metrics that 
limit the extent to which climate metrics are reliable. The most important of these are: 
1) Risks inherent in climate-related data 
Meaningful reporting of climate-related risks and opportunities and their potential impacts and related metrics 
depend on access to accurate, verifiable, reliable, consistent and comparable climate-related data. The financial 
sector is grappling with risks related to data availability and quality and access to data on a timely and verifiable 
basis. The most important of these risks are:
 • Climate-related data may not be generally available from counterparties or customers or, if available, is generally 
variable in terms of quality and, therefore, may not be accurate, verifiable, reliable, consistent, or comparable.
 • In the absence of accurate, verifiable, reliable, consistent, and comparable climate-related data, financial 
institutions necessarily rely on aggregated information based on high-level sector data developed by third 
parties that may be prepared in an inconsistent way using different methodologies, interpretations, or 
assumptions and therefore such data may not be accurate.
 • Data is less readily available for some asset types and there may also be data gaps, that are filled using “proxy” 
or other data, such as sectoral averages, again developed in different ways.
 • There is no single, global, cross-sector data provider that adequately and consistently covers the needed scope 
for data to analyse emissions and assess physical and transactional risks across operations and portfolios.
Voluntary and mandatory climate-related frameworks vary in their data quality measurement, and the way 
in which customers collect and disclose asset-level climate data also varies significantly.
 • While regulators and standard setters begin to mandate additional disclosure of verified climate-related  
data by companies across sectors, there are potential gaps between needed and available data.
Poor quality and availability of high-quality historical and current emissions, or subsector data is currently a 
significant obstacle to the calculation of carbon-related metrics. The absence of widely available, detailed, accurate, 
verifiable, reliable, consistent and comparable and other high-quality climate and subsector-related information 
makes it challenging to accurately disclose or estimate metrics used to assess climate-related risks and 
opportunities.
 • The availability of climate, industrial classification, energy use and efficiency data – including information used 
as a proxy for that data (e.g., EPC rating) – depends on a variety of public, private and civic sector sources. 
Historically, climate data was largely environmental and weather data was produced by government agencies. 
However, the challenge is finding the relevant sources if they exist, and then validating, cleaning, and 
standardising the data in an accessible form or format.
Climate metrics and data, the models, scenarios used to create them and the measurement technologies, 
analytical methodologies and services that support them remain in an incipient stage. Accordingly, the quality 
and interoperability of these models, technologies and methodologies, is also at a relative early stage. Significant 
gaps in sectors, subsectors and across asset classes are impeding not only climate risk management, but also 
the development of mitigation and adaptation strategies, as well as aspects of operations and credit risk and 
investment analysis that depend on data-informed processes. 
2) Risks inherent in the lack of standardisation, transparency and comparability
 • Many voluntary disclosure frameworks and methodologies for calculating climate metrics are new and evolving, 
leading to multiple metrics estimates that are not directly comparable.
 • These differences are compounded by a lack of international coordination on data and methodology standards.
Existing estimation methods present significant challenges and the development of a more market accepted consistent 
way of measuring and reporting Scope 3 emissions across sectors where they are material and relevant is needed.
Where methodologies are publicly described, differences across data providers can still make resulting disclosures 
difficult to compare for investors and others evaluating climate exposure across their holdings.
3) Risks inherent in the reliance on assumptions, scenarios and future uncertainty
 • Climate metrics are complex and require many methodological choices, judgements and assumptions.
 • Temperature scenarios and climate metrics and data generally include a set of assumptions that incorporate 
existing or planned global or regional policies, a business-as-usual sociodemographic projection, and projections 
for technological progress (including negative emissions and sequestration technologies), none of which may 
happen as contemplated, and, therefore, the scenarios, climate metrics and data based on those assumptions, 
may be incorrect.
 • Some assumptions attempt to compensate for existing data gaps, such as past emission trends or comparable 
and reliable company specific targets.
 • Other assumptions rely on given climate scenarios and transition pathway models, the details of which can vary 
widely despite representing similar outcomes.
 • Uncertainty around future climate-related policy in particular can contribute to greater variation in transition 
pathway models. 
 • Until other challenges are addressed, there may be a large resource burden associated with calculating and 
disclosing forward-looking metrics, which often require the assistance of one or more external data and 
methodology providers. 
Cautions about climate-related metrics, 
data and methodology challenges
5.7
91NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Cautions about climate-related metrics, data and methodology challenges continued
 • In addition, design issues specific to financed emissions raise challenges, particularly around allocating emissions 
to the wide range of financial activities. Financed emissions from owning 1 percent of a company might include 
1 percent of that company’s emissions; a portfolio can rapidly double count if aggregate financed emissions 
include each underlying company’s own Scope 3 upstream and downstream emissions. The calculation 
becomes significantly more complex with other activities, such as when a financial institution serves as a 
counterparty or is one of multiple underwriters of a financing. 
 • The preparation of this report requires the application of a number of key judgements and also requires 
assumptions and estimates to be made. The key areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, 
or where assumptions and estimates are significant to this report, include financed emissions, facilitated 
emissions and portfolio alignment and measurement of climate-related risk and operational emissions. There is a 
risk that the judgement exercised, or the estimates or assumptions used, may subsequently turn out to be 
incorrect. These judgements and resulting data presented in this report are not a substitute for judgements 
and analysis made independently by the reader. 
4) Risk inherent in methodologies for estimating and calculating GHG emissions.
 • The methodologies for estimating and calculating GHG emissions, financed emissions, whether absolute 
emissions or emissions intensities and other climate-related metrics (such as estimating facilitated emissions) are 
by comparison to financial metrics in their early stage of adoption and application and may vary widely in their 
approaches.
 • Some methodologies use company-specific historical emissions data while others result in estimation of 
emissions based on sectoral or geographical data or averages. Of those that incorporate emissions targets, 
there are different criteria for the types of targets that can and cannot be used. 
 • Methodologies vary in their use of Scope 1, Scope 2, and/or Scope 3 GHG emissions. Some use only Scope 1 
data, while others use Scope 1 and 2, and yet others take Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions into account. 
 • Certain methodologies take cumulative historical GHG emissions into account while others incorporate 
point-in-time assessments of emissions intensity. 
 • Methodologies may incorporate different climate-related scenarios or emissions pathways, or even utilise 
internal proprietary future emissions pathways. 
 • Certain methodologies may be better suited to assessing certain asset classes and may vary in whether some 
asset classes can be assessed at all. 
 • Variations in methodologies may also lead to under – or overestimates of implied temperature rise, and 
consequently an exaggerated indication of climate-related risk.
Moreover, some available methodologies may only include a limited number of technologies and indicators, while 
other important levers/indicators that are needed to understand transition risks and opportunities in certain sectors 
may not be included. 
5) Limitations of climate scenario analysis and the models that analyse them
 • The practice of modelling the impact of climate-related risks on the financial sector is improving rapidly but 
remains under development. As a result, there are currently a number of limitations with respect to data and 
analysis techniques, which should be borne in mind. 
 • Scenarios are not forecasts (they do not mean to predict future outcomes); rather they are projections of 
alternative plausible futures that are designed to build an understanding of the nature and size of changes that 
may occur in future. They do not reflect all possible future pathways.
 • Predicting climate change and quantifying its impacts on the economy is inherently complex – in how the 
impacts of climate change will impact asset values, how companies will react to regulatory and market 
pressures, as well as how NatWest Group’s customers will react and adapt to these impacts. 
 • Like any modelling, the further out the projection, the greater the uncertainties. When interpreting model 
outputs, it may be that the direction of change is more useful for decision-making than point estimates within 
one scenario’s results. 
 • Climate scenarios and the models that analyse them have limitations that are sensitive to key assumptions and 
parameters, which are themselves subject to some uncertainty.
 • Climate scenarios cannot fully capture all of the potential effects of climate, policy and technology driven 
outcomes. For example, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) projects that substantial 
deployment of negative emissions technologies, such as biomass energy with carbon capture and storage  
(CCS), would be required to achieve a 1.5°C outcome, and many analysts draw similar conclusions about 
reaching 2°C. The cost and availability of such technologies has a significant effect on the estimated price of 
carbon that would be required to deploy them. Other things being equal, models that assume the availability of 
low-cost CCS or other as-yet-nascent technology will project more modest carbon prices to achieve stringent 
climate change mitigation goals. Models that assume limited availability of these technologies at low cost will 
project higher costs to achieve the same climate goals. 
 • Scientific understanding of climate change continues to develop. This may enable a more granular and precise 
understanding of some kinds of climate-related risks in future. 
 • Finally, models cannot fully capture the range of societal changes that could result from climate change. These 
could include changes in dietary preferences, migration patterns, and political preferences. As climate continues 
to change, decision-makers will respond in ways that can both create and alleviate risks. The costs of models 
do not fully capture the possibility of low-probability but high-impact risks and opportunities. Market actor and 
policymaker responses are complex and should be considered qualitatively along with a quantitative scenario 
analysis. Some of these limitations are inherent to many models but are in this case further exacerbated by the 
often-multi-decade time horizon and the complexity and interdependencies of the effects modelled, from ice 
sheets melting to agricultural yields and migration: To mitigate the limitations of scenarios and modelling, 
practitioners should analyse multiple scenarios with various underlying assumptions and parameters. 
Over reliance by regulators or financial institutions on a limited number of the same prescribed models or scenarios 
(e.g., the NGFS scenarios) may amplify systemic climate-related risks.
92NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Cautions about climate-related metrics, data and methodology challenges continued
Caution about judgments, assumptions and estimates, the lack of commonly accepted reporting 
practices, the non-comparability of information and the lack of definitions or standards.
The preparation of certain information in this report requires the application of a number of key judgments, 
assumptions and estimates, including with respect to the classification of climate and sustainable funding and 
financing activities. The reported measures in this report reflect good faith estimates, assumptions and judgments 
at the given point in time. There is a risk that these judgments, estimates or assumptions may subsequently prove 
to be incorrect and/or may need to be restated or changed.
Climate-related reporting in our industry is not yet subject to the same globally recognised or accepted reporting or 
accounting principles and rules as traditional financial reporting. Accordingly, there is a lack of commonly accepted 
reporting practices for NatWest Group to follow or align to and climate-related measures between organisations in 
our industry may be non-comparable. 
In addition, the maturity of underlying data, systems and controls that support non-financial reporting is generally 
considerably less sophisticated than the systems and internal controls for financial reporting and it also includes 
manual processes. This may result in non-comparable information between organisations and between reporting 
periods within organisations as methodologies develop. The further development of accounting and/or reporting 
standards could materially impact the performance metrics, data points and targets contained in this report and 
the reader may therefore not be able to compare performance metrics, data points or targets from one reporting 
period to another, on a direct like-for-like basis. NatWest Group plans to continue to review available data sources 
and enhance its methodology and processes to improve the robustness of its climate-related reporting over time 
aligned with recognised industry developments. 
Further to the above, there is currently no single globally recognised or accepted, consistent and comparable 
set of definitions or standards (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor widespread cross-market consensus: 
 • as to what constitutes, a ‘green’, ‘social’ or ‘sustainable’ or having equivalent-labelled activity, product or asset; or 
 • as to what precise attributes are required for a particular activity, product or asset to be defined as ‘green’, 
‘social’ or ‘sustainable’ or such other equivalent label; or
 • as to climate and sustainable funding and financing activities and their classification and reporting.
Therefore, there is little certainty, and no assurance or representation is given that such activities and/or reporting 
of those activities will meet any present or future expectations or requirements for describing or classifying funding 
and financing activities as ‘green’, ‘social’ or ‘sustainable’ or attributing similar labels. We expect policies, regulatory 
requirements, standards, and definitions to be developed and continuously evolve over time.
Caution about references to websites. 
 • Reference to websites and other reports is made for information purposes only, and information found at such 
websites or in such reports is not incorporated by reference into this report. To the extent permitted by law, 
NatWest Group makes no representation, warranty or assurance of any kind, express or implied, or takes no 
responsibility or liability as to the fairness, accuracy, reliability, reasonableness, correctness or completeness 
with respect to (i) the third-party information found at any websites operated by third parties; or (ii) the 
information provided in sections 3.4 of this report (Case Studies).
93NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
Climate-related data and other  
forward-looking statements and metrics 
5.8
Certain sections in this report contain climate-related and other forward-looking statements and metrics, such as aims, 
ambitions, estimates, forecasts, plans, projections and targets and other climate metrics, including but not limited to, 
 • NatWest Group’s ambition to at least halve the climate impact of its financing activity by 2030 and align with 
the 2015 Paris Agreement; 
 • NatWest Group’ ambition to become net zero by 2050 across its financed emissions, assets under management 
and operational value chain; 
 • NatWest Group’s target to provide £100 billion climate and sustainable funding and financing between 1 July 
2021 and the end of 2025; 
 • NatWest Group’s aim to provide at least £10 billion in lending for EPC A or B rating residential properties 
between 1 January 2023 and the end of 2025 as a sub-set of its wider target to provide £100 billion of climate 
and sustainable funding and financing between 1 July 2021 and the end of 2025;
 • NatWest Group’s ambition that 50% of its mortgage book will have an EPC rating of C or above by 2030; 
 • NatWest Group’s sector level emissions reduction targets validated as science-based by SBTi, climate scenarios 
and emissions intensity pathways, estimated climate projections and forecasts; and
NatWest Group’s plan (i) not to provide reserve based lending specifically for the purpose of financing oil and gas 
exploration, extraction and production for new customers; (ii) that after 31 December 2025 not to renew, refinance 
or extend existing reserve based lending specifically for the purpose of financing oil and gas exploration, extraction 
and production; and (iii) not to provide reserve based lending and borrower base financing to upstream oil and gas 
companies specifically for the purpose of financing upstream assets located in Arctic or Antarctic waters.
Words or phrases such as ‘ambition’, ‘aim’, ‘anticipate’, ‘believe’, ‘budget’, ’continue’, ‘could’, ‘effort’, ‘estimate’, 
‘expect’, ‘forecast’, ‘goal’, ‘guidance’, ‘intend’, ‘intention’, ‘may’, ‘objective’, ‘outlook’, ‘plan’, ‘potential’, ‘predict’, 
‘projection’, ‘seek’, ‘should’, ‘target’, ‘will’, ‘would’ or similar expressions that convey the prospective nature of 
events or outcomes generally indicate other forward-looking statements.  
There are many significant uncertainties, assumptions, judgements, opinions, estimates, forecasts and statements made 
of future expectations underlying these forward-looking statements which could cause actual results, performance, 
outcomes or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking such statements.
The most important of these uncertainties and factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements are summarised in the ‘Risk Factors’ included on pages 
404 to 425 of the NatWest Group 2022 Annual Report and Accounts (with special regard to the risk factors in relation 
to ‘Climate and sustainability-related risks’ that describes several particular uncertainties, climate and sustainability-
related risks to which NatWest Group is exposed and which may be amended from time to time).
Other uncertainties and factors include, without limitation:
 • the extent and pace of climate change, including the timing and manifestation of physical and transition risks, 
the macroeconomic environment;
 • uncertainty around future climate-related policy, including the timely implementation and integration of 
adequate government policies;
 • the effectiveness of actions of governments, legislators, regulators, businesses, investors, customers and other 
stakeholders to mitigate the impact of climate and sustainability-related risks;
 • changes in customer behaviour and demand, changes in the available technology for mitigation;
 • the roll-out of low carbon infrastructure;
 • the availability of accurate, verifiable, reliable, consistent and comparable climate-related data;
 • lack of transparency and comparability of climate-related forward-looking methodologies; 
 • variation in approaches and outcomes – variations in methodologies may lead to under or overestimates, and 
consequently present exaggerated indication of climate-related risk; 
 • reliance on assumptions and future uncertainty (calculations of forward-looking metrics are complex and require 
many methodological choices and assumptions); and
 • see also, Section 5.7 (‘Cautions about climate-related metrics, data and methodology challenges’) of this report.  
Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on these statements. 
Furthermore, changing national and international standards, industry and scientific practices, regulatory 
requirements and market expectations regarding climate change, which remain under continuous development, 
are subject to different interpretations. There can be no assurance that these standards, practices, requirements 
and expectations will not be interpreted differently than what was NatWest Group’s understanding when defining 
its climate-related ambitions and targets or change in a manner that substantially increases the cost or effort for 
NatWest Group to achieve such ambitions and targets.
No duty to update
The forward–looking statements contained in this report speak only as of the date we make them. Except to 
the extent legally required, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-
looking statements in this report, whether to reflect any change in our expectations regarding those forward-looking 
statements, any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based, or otherwise.
No offer of securities or investment
The information, statements and opinions contained in this report do not constitute a public offer under any 
applicable legislation, an offer to sell or solicitation of any offer to buy any securities or financial instruments  
or any advice or recommendation with respect to such securities or other financial instruments.
This report, the information, statements and disclosure included in this report are not formally part of any offering 
documents and are not contractually binding. This report is not intended to form part of any communication of any 
offering issued under this report and it is not intended to be an advertisement for the purposes of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation and investors should not make any investment decisions based on the information included in this report.
94NatWest Group plc | 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
Governance Strategy and Climate transition plan Risk Management and Scenario Analysis Metrics and TargetsIntroduction
NatWest Group plc
2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report
February 2023
