Climate
Report
2021
Aligned to the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD)
Contents
Introduction         3
Climate action framework
1. Governance         6
1.a. Board's oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities
1.b. Management’s role on climate-related risks and opportunities
2. Strategy         9
Scenario analysis
2.a. Climate-related risks and opportunities identified in the short, medium and long term
2.b. Impact on the organization’s business, strategy and financial planning
2.c. Resilience of the organization's strategy considering climate-related scenarios
3. Risk Management       19
3.a. Processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks
3.b. Processes for managing climate-related risks
3.c. Integration of processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks
4. Metrics and Targets       23
4.a. Metrics used to assess risks and opportunities
4.b. Disclosure of scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions
4.c. T argets used and performance
Annual Report 2021
Sustainability Report 2021
 
Sustainable Solutions Report
 
ESG Databook 2021
The Climate (TCFD) Report is part of Orbia’s annual reporting 
suite, available at orbia.com, including:
2
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
At Orbia, we recognize that climate change is one of the greatest challenges of our time, 
but it also represents the greatest opportunity we see on our horizon and the greatest 
responsibility of our generation: the decarbonization of our economy and enabling climate 
resilience. With sustainability-minded industry initiatives, Orbia aims to be a leader in 
innovation on long-term climate change solutions. At Orbia, we address climate-related 
issues within our company and along our value chain together with our customers, 
employees, suppliers, partners, communities, and our industry to achieve positive impacts. 
Orbia has been an official supporter of the T ask Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) since 2019, and we have established ambitious climate commitments 
to contribute to the decarbonization of the planet. Building on our 2019 climate risk 
assessment, this is Orbia’s second comprehensive TCFD-aligned report, and includes 
updates of our climate-related efforts across our organization and our value chain. This 
report also details Orbia’s progress towards adopting TCFD recommendations and 
incorporating climate-related risks and opportunities in our strategic decisions.
Using our Climate Action Framework as a guide, we prioritize climate actions and implement 
key performance indicators (KPIs) based on our climate goals and defining purpose: to 
advance life around the world. Our progress towards our goal to achieve net zero emissions 
(scope 1 & 2) by 2050 and related Science Based T argets (aligned to a 1.5° scenario) to 
2030, along with other climate-related metrics, are publicly disclosed annually.
Introduction
3
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets

Climate Action Framework
Culture of Innovation
Collaboration for Impact 
Commited to Climate Action
Driving new
 businesses for a 
net zero world
Solutions for
advancing a climate
resilient economy
Low impact & resilient 
operations
Our commitment to Climate Action is embedded throughout 
the organization as we believe that we have a role to play in 
reaching a net zero world. Within Orbia, we demonstrate our 
commitment with fully engaged and accountable leadership 
at all levels in the company.
In line with our values, Orbia fosters a robust and dynamic 
culture of innovation, and we use this as the springboard 
to advance life around the world. We succeed when we 
strengthen our relationships and work together with 
suppliers, communities, governments, and customers 
to achieve long-term positive impact. A strong culture 
and collaboration create the foundation for us to achieve 
meaningful Climate Action across three fronts: low impact 
and resilient operations, solutions for advancing a climate 
resilient economy, and driving new businesses for a net zero 
world. This framework is based on our understanding of 
physical and transition climate change risks and how Orbia’s 
business strategy embraces new opportunities. Our Climate 
Action Framework guides us, providing a collective focus 
when tackling climate change. 
It is clear to us that accelerating our 
Climate Action strategy will allow us to 
realize our defining purpose:  
to advance life around the world.
 
4
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets

Low impact & resilient operations
We are continuously identifying ways to decarbonize through optimizing manufacturing processes, 
transitioning to low-carbon and renewable energy sources, and exploring opportunities in carbon 
capture and hydrogen. In parallel, our sites are adapting to physical climate change risks, including risks 
associated with changing weather and their resulting disruptions. 
Solutions for advancing a climate resilient economy
Orbia’s business groups are constantly developing products and services with improved environmental 
performance that support our customers and suppliers in making measurable progress against their 
own climate goals. Our solutions contribute to urban and rural resilience and support the transition 
to a low carbon and circular economy. These include materials and products that advance alternative 
energy, resource efficiency, green buildings, data connectivity and health.
Further details are available in our Orbia Sustainable Solutions Report.
Driving new businesses for a net zero world
Both within existing businesses and through corporate venture capital, our culture encourages exploring 
new technologies and strategic acquisition opportunities, investing human and financial capital to 
support new business models that will have a positive impact in the longer term. Climate T ech is a focus 
area of strategic investments made through Orbia Ventures, our corporate venture capital fund. 
5
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets

Orbia 2021 Climate Report
6
 
1
Governance
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
7
Orbia’s Board of Directors continues to drive our climate 
action strategy forward to meet the challenges ahead. 
T o ensure implementation and encourage collaboration 
across business groups, the Board oversees and provides 
guidance on Orbia’s ESG strategy previously reviewed by 
the Corporate Practices & Sustainability Committee. For 
example, the Board has overseen Orbia’s commitment to 
set Science-Based T argets and achieve net zero carbon 
emissions (scope 1 & 2) by 2050. The Committee supports 
the Board of Directors by, among others, overseeing Orbia’s 
overall sustainability strategy, shaped in part by climate-
related issues. Our Vice President (VP) of Sustainability 
briefs and updates the Committee regularly, while providing 
progress on our targets and climate-related goals on a 
quarterly basis.
As shown in Figure 1, our sustainability governance 
structure is organized so that the Board of Directors sets the 
direction while strategy setting is incorporated and led on 
the global, regional, and local levels.
In addition to our Corporate Practices & Sustainability 
Committee, Orbia established a Critical Risk Committee 
(CRC), which supports the Board in identifying and 
assessing our risks. See the Risk Management section for 
further details.
1.a Board oversight on climate-related risks 
and opportunities
CEO
Audit CommitteeFinance Committee
Critical Risk
Committee
Setting the vision
and providing oversight
Setting direction Strategy implementation
at global, regional and site
levels by business group.
Sustainability
structure
Corporate Leaders 
(CFO, CPO, CIO, Chief Legal, VP 
Innovation, VP Strategy, VP 
Internal Audit) 
Sustainability Leads
of Business Groups
Business Group
Presidents
Board of Directors
Corporate Practices
& Sustainability
Committee
VP, Health, Safety
& Environment
and Engineering
Corporate
Sustainabilty T eam
VP, Sustainability
& Corporate Aﬀairs
CEO
Audit CommitteeFinance Committee
Critical Risk
Committee
Setting the vision
and providing oversight
Setting direction Strategy implementation
at global, regional and site
levels by business group.
Sustainability
structure
Corporate Leaders 
(CFO, CPO, CIO, Chief Legal, VP 
Innovation, VP Strategy, VP 
Internal Audit) 
Sustainability Leads
of Business Groups
Business Group
Presidents
Board of Directors
Corporate Practices
& Sustainability
Committee
VP, Health, Safety
& Environment
and Engineering
Corporate
Sustainabilty T eam
VP, Sustainability
& Corporate Aﬀairs
Figure 1: Sustainability and Climate Risk Governance Structure
CEO
Audit CommitteeFinance Committee
Critical Risk
Committee
Setting the vision
and providing oversight
Setting direction Strategy implementation
at global, regional and site
levels by business group.
Sustainability
structure
Corporate Leaders 
(CFO, CPO, CIO, Chief Legal, VP 
Innovation, VP Strategy, VP 
Internal Audit) 
Sustainability Leads
of Business Groups
Business Group
Presidents
Board of Directors
Corporate Practices
& Sustainability
Committee
VP, Health, Safety
& Environment
and Engineering
Corporate
Sustainabilty T eam
VP, Sustainability
& Corporate Aﬀairs
CEO
Audit CommitteeFinance Committee
Critical Risk
Committee
Setting the vision
and providing oversight
Setting direction Strategy implementation
at global, regional and site
levels by business group.
Sustainability
structure
Corporate Leaders 
(CFO, CPO, CIO, Chief Legal, VP 
Innovation, VP Strategy, VP 
Internal Audit) 
Sustainability Leads
of Business Groups
Business Group
Presidents
Board of Directors
Corporate Practices
& Sustainability
Committee
VP, Health, Safety
& Environment
and Engineering
Corporate
Sustainabilty T eam
VP, Sustainability
& Corporate Aﬀairs
Setting the vision
and providing oversight
Setting direction Strategy implementation  at 
global, regional and site levels 
by business group.
Core Sustainability
structure
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
8
Orbia manages sustainability efforts (including climate-related aspects) through a matrix 
structure, with leadership and functional specialties held at global and corporate levels. 
Orbia’s VP of Sustainability is a member of the Leadership T eam along with the Business 
Presidents, CFO and other key functional leaders.
The VP and the Corporate Sustainability team work directly with presidents of the 
business groups to identify climate risks and opportunities and embed climate 
considerations into decision-making and business strategy. We base much of this work 
on the 2019 TCFD-aligned risk analysis and company-wide risk processes. We have set 
Science-Based T argets (which will be submitted for approval to the Science-Based T argets 
Initiative (SBTi) in 2022) for Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions and other climate-related goals 
(which include zero waste to landfill targets). Additionally, each business group has a 
dedicated sustainability lead and team responsible for the development of the business-
specific sustainability strategies and oversight. Climate-related peformance data is 
reported in ODISEO, our centralized sustainability reporting platform. 
In 2021, we established the Sustainability Council composed of sustainability leads 
from all our business groups and operational experts to construct, implement and take 
ownership of Orbia’s sustainability strategy. The Council is informed by internal and 
external best practices, and leverages opportunities for cross-business cooperation 
where performance improvement can be accelerated and new ideas can be developed 
effectively. 
The Sustainability Council is currently comprised of thematic sub-groups, two of which 
are focused on decarbonization and circularity. These groups identify ways to incorporate 
impactful sustainability strategies across the business groups, support the management 
of climate-related initiatives and opportunities for the business groups, and report on 
their progress to the Sustainability Council. Orbia’s Council is continuously identifying 
innovative opportunities to enable decarbonization and increase the resilience of Orbia’s 
business model. This allows the selection of cost-effective and impactful emission-
reduction tools appropriate for specific markets and regions. 
Corporate Governance
 
Orbia executive compensation structure
For further information:
From 2021, an ESG performance modifier 
funds up to +/- 10% of the annual bonus of 
senior management, based upon achievement 
of defined ESG metrics across 4 areas. Annual 
goals for metrics in these areas are reviewed 
and approved by the Board of Directors every 
year, and include two climate-related metrics: 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and waste 
sent to landfill.
1.b Management’s role on climate-related risks 
and opportunities
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
9
 
2
Strategy
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
10
At Orbia, strategy and sustainability go hand-in-hand, with sustainability considerations now 
integrated into our capital allocation decision-making process. Most importantly, Orbia’s 
businesses are committed to addressing some of the most pressing challenges the world 
is facing today, including ensuring food security, reducing water scarcity, reinventing the 
future of cities and homes, connecting communities with data and information services, 
and expanding access to health and well-being by providing advanced materials, specialty 
products and innovative, human-centered solutions. As Orbia transforms into a low impact 
and resilient set of businesses, climate change continues to represent a core challenge. 
Each business group regularly develops and adapts their strategy to ensure Orbia’s 
products and solutions address risks and opportunities related to climate change. 
Scenario analysis
Scenario analysis is a growing, critical tool that companies use to test both the resiliency 
of their business models and adapt strategic planning to reflect emerging realities in the 
marketplace. Through scenario analysis, our business planning can take variables such 
as carbon taxes, disruptive technologies, changing customer preferences, government 
policies, and other micro- and macro-economic factors into account.
 
In our 2019 climate risk analysis, both physical and transition scenarios were used 
as inputs to establish a suite of projected future changes in climate that illustrate the 
possibilities that may lie ahead. 
As part of our continuous improvement processes, we are collaborating with different areas 
of our organization to strengthen our scenario analysis capability. We will analyze new 
scenarios in 2022, in line with the most recent available information.
Physical 
risk 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate 
Change (IPCC)’s RCP 8.5 scenario 
2030
2030 2018 International Energy Agency (IEA)’s 
Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS)
Transition 
risk 
Type of Risk Horizon Scenario used
Our healthy balance sheet 
allows us to take advantage of 
investment opportunities for the 
decarbonization of our operations 
as well as capitalize on new business 
opportunities for climate resilience. 
Sustainability considerations are 
a key component of our capital 
expenditure and growth project 
approval processes.”
Jim Kelly
Orbia Chief Financial Officer
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
11
2.a Key climate-related risks and opportunities identified in the 
short, medium, and long term
As part of our business planning processes, we continually identify physical and transition risks as well as opportunities 
that may arise due to climate change. All risks and opportunities are evaluated within certain thresholds and boundaries, 
including potential financial impacts and time horizons. We prioritize actions related to the higher financial impact risks. 
See T able 1 and 2 for details of key risks and opportunities identified.
Financial impacts
We have five levels to define substantive financial impact:
Time horizons
We have categorized time horizons into three ranges:
1. High: $50 or greater USD Short-term: Up to 1 year
(In $Millions)
Note: impact range labels are aligned with categories used in CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project) reporting and Orbia’s risk management processes.
2. Medium - High: $37.5 - $50 USD Medium-term: 1 - 4 years
3. Medium: $22.5 - $37.5 USD Long-term: 5 years and above
4. Medium - Low: $7.5 - $22.5 USD
5. Low: Less than $7. 5 USD
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
12
T o determine physical and transition risks, Orbia conducted a vulnerability screening of its portfolio, followed by a detailed Climate Risk Assessment 
on 12 of its most vulnerable sites, including four from Fluorinated Solutions, seven from Polymer Solutions and one from Building & Infrastructure. This 
assessment has provided input into both the prevention of physical risks and increased innovation for new ways of doing business.
Scenarios will be reviewed in 2022 to include longer-term time horizons and beyond Business-As-Usual models.
Time Horizon Risk Type Classification Risk Description Magnitude of 
Financial Impact
Short-term
Physical Chronic Increased water stress and drought leading to reduced capacity 
resulting in decreased revenues. Low
Transition Policy and Legal Carbon pricing mechanisms leading to increased direct costs. Low
Transition Policy and Legal
Mandates on and regulation of existing products and services 
(e.g., The AIM Act, which was signed into law on Dec. 27, 
2020, and directs EPA to establish limits to production and 
consumption of HFCs in line with the Kigali amendment), 
leading to reduced demand for products and services leading to 
decreased revenues from HFCs.
Medium-Low
Medium-term Physical Acute Increased severity and frequency of cyclones and floods, leading 
to reduced capacity, decreased production and revenues. Medium-Low
Table 1: Key climate-related risks identified 
For further information:
CDP Climate Change Response
(Section 2.3)
 
2020 Annual Filing to Mexican Stock Exchange (BMV)
(Pages: 22, 26, 27, 35, 36, 74, & 115)
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
13
The table includes key initiatives in response to climate-related identified opportunities.
Time Horizon Classification Opportunity Description Magnitude of Financial 
Impact
Potential Financial 
Impact
Medium-term
Products and Services
Climate-adaptation, resilience, and risk solutions, including:
• Stormwater and indoor climate solutions
• Precision agriculture solutions e.g., opportunity to reduce 
agriculture’s carbon footprint in rice fields
• Low climate-impact solutions e.g., low global warming 
potential (GWP) propellants and refrigerant
High
Increased revenues 
resulting from increased 
demand for products and 
services.
Development of new products or services through R&D and 
innovation. e.g., PlasticRoad; fossil-free PVC; startup partnerships 
and investments in climate tech through Orbia Ventures
High
Increased revenues 
through access to new 
and emerging markets.
Energy Source Use of lower-emissions sources of energy Medium-Low
Reduced direct costs and 
taxes (including potential 
carbon taxes)
Long-term Markets
Innovative technologies for emerging sectors and industries 
including:
• Public-Private Partnerships to support small scale farmers with 
precision agriculture solutions and technologies 
• Next-generation battery technologies to enable storage 
innovations 
High
Increased revenues 
through access to new 
and emerging markets.
For further information:
CDP Climate Change Response
(Section 2.6)
 
Orbia Sustainable Solutions Report
Table 2: Key climate-related opportunities identified
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
14
2.b Impact on the organization’s business, strategy and financial planning 
The results of our climate risk and opportunity assessments have triggered internal initiatives to place climate change at the center of the challenges our business groups 
pursue as we continue to evolve into a low carbon and resilient business. Our Corporate Practices & Sustainability Committee, our thematic and multi-disciplinary working 
groups, and our businesses analyze how these challenges, and their potential financial implications, may affect the organization’s business and strategy. For example, carbon 
taxes and future increases in energy prices are now part of our financial planning. We also analyze how our solutions contribute to the mitigation and/or adaptation to climate-
related challenges. The examples provided below illustrate how we respond to some of the risks and opportunities identified (described in 2.a), in line with our climate action 
framework.
All of Orbia’s businesses continuously invest in developing innovative low carbon products and solutions that enable 
resilience against climate change, as well as in integrating recycled content and recyclability criteria from the product 
design stage. 
Solutions for advancing a climate resilient economy
We are also investing in the development of solutions, 
such as energy storage innovations, which enable 
the transition to a low carbon economy. In addition, 
Orbia Ventures has defined climate tech as one of its 
focus areas, and successfully completed seven out of 
eight transactions carried out in 2021 to promote this 
strategic objective.
Driving new businesses  
for a net zero world
has increased integrated precision irrigation offerings and 
moved into turnkey greenhouse solutions.  
is growing its offering in segments including stormwater 
management, indoor climate systems, and green building 
solutions for urban and rural resilience.  
has been investing in large-scale fiber optics and conduit 
projects to improve connectivity while minimizing 
environmental impacts.
are developing bio-based PVC options to supply customers 
around the world with clean water, sanitation and other 
essential elements for good health. They are also deploying 
renewable energy, bringing emissions from chlorine 
production closer to net zero.
is expanding its portfolio of low global warming potential 
(GWP) next-generation refrigerants and propellants, and 
energy storage technologies that will drive a decarbonized 
future.
Exploring new opportunities: carbon 
capture and hydrogen technology
Orbia has made a first investment in Verdagy, a company 
innovating on water electrolysis technology for large-scale 
production of green hydrogen. Orbia Ventures also invested 
in Osmoses, a startup developing advanced molecular 
filters for chemical separations, which can be applied to 
carbon capture and blue hydrogen production in a cost-
effective manner.
Polymer 
Solutions
Fluorinated 
Solutions
Building and 
Infrastructure
Precision 
Agriculture
Data 
Communications
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
15
The following examples demonstrate how some of our products are 
contributing to climate resilience:
Smart StormHarvester making cities resilient
The central square of Assen, in the Netherlands, often gets flooded when heavy rainfall 
occurs. The municipality decided to redesign it, and Wavin offered the solution to mitigate 
flooding and water shortages during dry periods. 
Regular attenuation systems sit empty most of the time and infiltration systems are only 
possible with the right soil conditions. Wavin’s StormHarvester, using AquaCell® units, is now 
changing the rules of the game. When rain is  forecast, the system’s predictive technology 
automatically adjusts the water level within the tank, to ensure it has sufficient capacity for 
rainwater retention. This ensures that the tanks always have capacity to capture stormwater 
and enables the city to  reuse the water continuously for green areas and to combat heat 
stress.
Circular Solutions for Dairy Farms
Netafim has developed an award-winning technology reducing the environmental impact 
of dairy farms. Netafim’s subsurface drip irrigation (SDI) system recycles organic waste 
generated by dairy cows, optimizing levels of fresh water to fertilize and irrigate feed crops 
while eliminating the need for chemical fertilizers. This innovative technology benefits 
the environment in numerous ways: healthier soil and root environment; concurrent 
conservation of water, nutrients and energy; GHG emissions reduction, and improved crop 
yield.
Applied in pilot projects in Italy and the United States, this solution represents a major 
achievement for advancing circularity in the agricultural industry, reducing CO2e emissions  
of dairy operations by 47% compared to traditional methods. 
For further information:
Orbia Sustainable Solutions Report 
 
Orbia 2021 Sustainability Report
Li-Ion Battery Performance and Circularity
Koura continues to advance its comprehensive energy materials strategy, including 
development of next-generation electrolyte additives and co-solvents under the Koflyte® 
brand. Milestones in 2021 include the acquisition of battery tech start-up Silatronix and 
investment in Ascend Elements, a closed-loop lithium-ion battery recycler. 
Next-Generation Refrigerants
Following the launch of Klea® 473A, Koura continued to revolutionize the refrigerant gas 
space with the launch of another of its next-generation refrigerants, Klea® 456A. This lower 
global-warming-potential (GWP) refrigerant presents an alternative to R-134a for automotive 
air conditioning systems. Klea® 456A refrigerant is non-flammable and has a GWP 46% 
lower when compared to R-134a.
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
16
Transitioning to renewable and lower carbon energy sources
Our renewable energy consumption increased by 28% in 2021, driven by key projects across most of our business 
groups. As an example, our Dura-Line plant in Goa, India, formalized a Power Purchasing Agreement (PPA) to acquire 
1,000 MWh per year of solar power from the second semester of 2021. This represents 12-15% of Goa’s annual 
electrical load. Our Wavin operations increased use of renewables by 43% in in 2021. Wavin sites in Europe aim to 
source 100% of their electricity consumption from renewable sources by 2025, a 4% reduction of Orbia’s total GHG 
emissions. 
Our Alphagary’s Melton Mowbray site signed an agreement with a UK utility facility that supplies renewable electricity, 
reducing CO2 emissions by 3,000 tons.
A trigeneration plant initiated operations in our Vestolit Altamira I site. From 2021, yearly carbon emissions are 
expected to decline by almost 20,000 tons of CO2e, which would equate to removing over 4,500 cars from the road.
Optimizing processes, improving efficiencies
At Vestolit’s Altamira site, technology adaptations and investments in additional condensers allowed the site to 
replace chilled water by cooling water in the PVC process. The projected energy consumption reduction is 50 KWh 
per ton of PVC produced and 8,000 tons of CO2e in 2021.
Process improvements also include Alphagary’s Altamira I plasticizers plant, where installation and commissioning of 
an alcohol stripping column resulted in an 83%-time reduction, obtaining low alcohol concentrations in plasticizers in 
less than 40 minutes and a reduction of steam consumption of 20% compared with the previous process. As a result, 
Alphagary will stop consuming 5,500 ton/year of steam, which translates to a reduction of 1,000 tons CO2e/year.
Additionally, Dura-Line joined the U.S. Department of Energy’s Better Plants Program to improve energy productivity 
by 25% over a ten-year period. The first assessments conducted in 2021 revealed the opportunity to reduce nearly  
1 million KWh through plant improvements. The teams will implement these robust energy improvements and system 
optimizations in 2022. 
Low impact & resilient 
operations
Decarbonizing our operations 
Each Orbia business group has targets to improve 
efficiency and transition to cleaner or renewable sources 
of energy and obtain or maintain a certified environmental 
management system. Related strategies include several 
plants, which have developed plans to adapt to potential 
extreme weather events. Climate-related risks have 
influenced our global targets to become carbon neutral 
by 2050 (reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 47% by 
2030, pending validation by the SBTi) and to have all plants 
certified as ISO-14001 or equivalent by 2025.
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
17
Increase in post-consumer recycled content
Wavin aims to increase the use of post-consumer recycled plastics up to 25% by 2025 to reduce dependence on 
virgin raw materials and consequently reduce carbon emissions in their value chain. The company has also set a goal 
of increasing the recyclability of its products by 90% by 2025. Similarly, Netafim has a target of increasing recycled 
content in drip lines up to 45% by 2030. These are key targets for integrating circularity into our business strategy. 
Purchased goods and services (category 1) represent around 6% of Orbia’s total Scope 3 emissions. 
Take-back programs
 
Dura-Line and Netafim have been operating take-back programs for a number of years. In 2021, Netafim expanded its 
program from four to eight countries (U.S., Australia, Israel, France, Spain, T urkey, Peru and Mexico), with approximately 
13,000 tons of end-of-life driplines collected globally for reuse. In 2021, Dura-Line’s take-back program repurposed 
1,754 reels and diverted a quarter million pounds of scrap tape to be recycled. 
Refrigerant recovery
 
Koura’s refrigerant recovery plant in Japan increased its processing capacity in 2021. The Mihara plant continues to 
implement this successful recovery technology and practices to further reduce global warming impacts. During 2021, 
approximately 900 tons of refrigerants were recovered, avoiding around 1.7 million tons of GHG emissions. The site 
has plans to further grow its recovery capacity in 2022.
Mitigating our impact across
the supply chain
As part of Orbia’s goals to reduce emissions from fossil 
fuels, our procurement and logistics teams continually 
pursue options to deploy energy efficient technologies and 
transportation alternatives. These opportunities include: 
switching from road to rail transport, introducing take-back 
programs, and sourcing recycled or bio-based materials 
when available.
Low impact & resilient 
operations
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
18
As demonstrated in our 2019 climate risk assessment, both physical and transition scenarios were used to 
analyze our resilience to climate change. 
For physical risks, we utilized IPCC’s RCP 8.5 scenario to assess the impact of water stress and drought, 
cyclones, extreme heat and cold, flooding, landslides and wildfires. For transition risks, we considered climate-
related financial implications associated with carbon taxes, utility costs, and mandates on and regulation 
of existing products and services. This ensures our operations fully address the risks and opportunities of 
climate change. 
Additionally, we are conducting a more detailed analysis at operational sites, such as our Cartagena facility, 
that have been affected by shifting rainfall patterns and its proximity to the sea. Cartagena collaborated 
with hydrology and rainfall experts to develop a 50-year pattern analysis to incorporate the preventative 
and adaptive measures necessary to guarantee operational continuity. This will enable us to provide 
uninterrupted product supply to customers in the case of extreme rain events in the future. The time horizon 
considered was 25-50 years, relevant for the life of capital assets.
Orbia acknowledges the ever-changing landscape of climate  science and how it influences our business 
strategies. In order to better assess the challenges ahead of us, we plan to update our previous climate risk 
analysis during 2022 with state-of-the-art scenarios incorporating new information, expanding our time 
horizon and scope, beyond Business-As-Usual models, to test and continuously improve our resilience to 
climate change. 
2.c Orbia’s resilience considering climate-related scenarios
The output of this first analysis 
showed that none of the 
evaluated sites have a high risk 
of being affected by physical 
changes in climate to 2030.
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
19
 
3
Risk Management
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
20
3.a Process for identifying and assessing climate-related risks
Orbia’s risk management process is a systematic approach across Orbia’s corporate and business units. The focus is on 
both strategic and operational issues, and changes in risk status are promptly communicated to decision makers. Our risk 
profile, that includes short, medium, and long-term risks, is reviewed every few years. 
In order to identify and manage all materially relevant risks, Orbia has developed the following structured process:
Risk identiﬁcation Risk assessment
Risk oversight 
by Critical
Risk Committee
Risk management at
Business Group level
Risk frameworks & policies approval
Major risks are reported to the Audit Committee
Audit Committee
Board of Directors
Risk monitoring
Setting direction
Figure 2. Orbia’s Risk Management Process
Orbia’s Critical Risk Committee (CRC) oversees four primary risks to the Company: Strategic/Business, Financial, 
Operational, and Reputational. Climate risks have been integrated into these multi-disciplinary company-wide risk 
management processes since 2020.
The CRC, chaired by our Chief Executive Officer (CEO), is comprised of our Chief Financial Officer (CFO), General Counsel, 
Internal Audit Vice President (VP), Health, Safety, Environment & Engineering VP, Chief Information Officer, Sustainability 
VP, and Presidents of the five business groups. The CRC meets quarterly and is responsible for identifying and assessing 
enterprise risks (including climate risks), evaluating the appropriate risk profile for the enterprise, developing risk mitigation 
plans, and overseeing their implementation.
In addition, the CRC assists the Board of Directors and Audit 
Committee in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities related to:
Likelihood and potential impact of material risks are 
identified and prioritized based on their timeframe and 
relevance to Orbia’s strategic objectives. The results of 
these assessments are aggregated to form a Risk Register, 
reviewed and approved by the CRC.
In 2019, we also formally identified climate-related risks 
across the business through a specific climate risk 
assessment aligned with TCFD recommendations. This 
process allowed us to assess both physical and transition 
risks, quantifying their potential financial impact based on 
their time horizon, as detailed in section 2.a. We plan to 
update our 2019 climate risk analysis in 2022 with refined 
scenarios.
Risk identification and assessment
Risk management: exposures and profile
Risk mitigation: actions and continuous 
monitoring of mitigation plans
Assessment and approval of the  
effectiveness of the three lines of risk 
defense
Effective management and assurance of risk 
policies and strategies
Setting direction
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
21
3.b Process for managing climate-related risks
Since 2020, Orbia’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) function and business groups have 
developed work streams to integrate climate-related risks alongside other enterprise risks 
and to track the progress of our actions. Risk Registers are managed at business group 
level and a mitigation strategy with a specific action plan and risk owner is defined for each 
risk.
Orbia’s risk management model establishes three lines of defense that support the risk 
management process (including climate-related aspects). These three lines of defense 
include: 
Risk owner at business group level 
responsible for identifying and controlling 
risks 
ERM & Compliance function at Orbia level 
to ensure communication to relevant 
committees 
Internal Audit to improve
internal controls
In line with Orbia’s risk 
management process, 
material risk developments 
are continuously monitored 
through a variety of sources 
at the corporate and business 
group level. Changes in 
risk status are promptly 
communicated to decision 
makers.
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
22
3.c Integration of climate-related risks into overall risk management processes 
Orbia’s ERM program is embedded into the company culture. The CRC’s primary responsibility is to assist the Board of Directors in formulating Orbia’s 
risk management practices and overseeing their implementation, including climate-related risks. Figure 3 illustrates the interaction between key risk 
management roles: the CRC, the ERM program and the risk owner. 
Figure 3: CRC & ERM Interaction Model
Oversees risk framework
& risk policies approval
Critical Risk
Committee 
Enterprise Risk
ManagementRisk Owner
Integrates risk 
management & controls
with Orbia’s goals
Ultimately accountable to
ensure a risk is managed
and controlled
Also, Orbia has engaged with compliance world leader, ENHESA, to identify applicable and 
emerging regulatory requirements stemming from climate change. Orbia uses ENHESA’s 
compliance intelligence services to ensure all manufacturing sites comply with applicable 
regulations in their specific jurisdictions, including climate-related regulations. By the end of 
2021, following self-assessments by all sites, 70% of all applicable regulatory requirements 
had been reviewed for compliance. Regulatory compliance monitoring will continue on an 
ongoing basis and is a key indicator of quality site performance, thus mitigating possible 
regulatory risks. We will continue to use available tools and capabilities to strengthen our 
compliance processes across all jurisdictions.
• ERM framework • Key process indicators • Internal audits
• Risk assessment and  
risk register
• Global H&S measures • Risk monitoring and 
evolution reports
• Root-cause analysis  
with risk owner
• Global compliance 
metrics and policies
• External risk reports 
• Probability vs impact 
metrics
The different management tools used to manage risks  
(including climate risks) across Orbia include:
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
23
 
4
Metrics and Targets
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
24
4.a Metrics used to assess risks and opportunities
Orbia has defined key metrics to measure and manage climate-related risks and opportunities. These include:
4.b Disclosure of scope 1,2 and 3 Greenhouse Gas Emissions (GHG)
1. The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition). PDF.
2. Orbia is not using any residual emission factor values. However, 77% of our scope 2 emisisons are calculated using supplier-specific emission factors.
Direct emissions from sources owned 
or controlled by the company.
Other indirect, upstream 
and downstream emissions from 
sources not owned or controlled 
by the company. 
Electricity, heating, steam and cooling 
indirect emissions from upstream 
sources not owned or controlled by 
the company.
Scope 3: 
Scope 2: 
Scope 1: 
As disclosed in previous reports, Orbia continues to measure Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions and communicates progress towards GHG emission targets. 
In addition, our GHG emissions reporting is assured by an independent third-party (assurance statement available in our 2021 ESG Databook).
Definitions:1 
Calculated with average fuel CO2 emission factors published by DEFRA and EPA.
All data was calculated using our internal database to assess the consumption of the different raw materials 
and other purchased goods and services. Emission factors were sourced from public databases and specialized 
consultancy services. The calculations were done following the GHG Protocol “T echnical Guidance for Calculating 
Scope 3 Emissions”, considering Categories 11 (Use of Sold Products) and 12 (End-of-Life Treatment of Sold 
Products) as the most significant for the organization (around 90% of total scope 3 emissions). 
Calculated with both location-based and market-based electricity emission factors from the International Energy 
Agency (IEA), where supplier emission factors are not available.2
Methodology:
• Reduction of Scope 1, 2  
and 3 GHG emissions
• Achieving Zero Waste  
to Landfill at all sites
• Procurement of post-
consumer and post-industrial 
recycled raw materials
• Revenues generated  
from sustainable  
solutions 
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
25
4.c Targets used and performance
Orbia’s current climate-related goals include our net zero carbon ambition, our Scope 1, 2 and 3 absolute targets, as well as 
our zero waste to landfill goal.
Impact area Goal T arget year Baseline (2019) Performance in 2021
GHG Emissions
Achieve net zero carbon emissions (scope 1 & 2) 2050 2.00 million tons CO2e 1.81 million tons CO2e
Reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 47% 2030 2.00 million tons CO2e 1.81 million tons CO2e
Reduce Scope 3 GHG emissions by 30% 2030 90 million tons CO2e 82.4 million tons CO2e
Waste 100% plants will send zero waste to landfill 2025 24% plants 39% plants
We work to achieve results against our goals by implementing key actions as described in section 2.b. 
For additional sustainability goals, refer to our 2021 Sustainability Report.
Materials and Buildings Group supplemental metrics
In 2021, Orbia selected metrics applicable to our business in line with “The Supplemental Guidance for Non-Financial 
Groups” under the TCFD Recommended Disclosures. While we have complete information for key metrics, we are in the 
process of assessing others to enhance our disclosures in future reports. 
See T able 4 in following page for details. 
Table 3: Orbia’s climate-related targets and performance
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Orbia 2021 Climate Report
26
Metric Units 2019 2020 2021
Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
Scope 1 emissions T ons CO2e 645,300 603,969 624,317
Scope 2 emissions T ons CO2e 1,354,235 1,262,425 1,180,795
Scope 3 emissions T ons CO2e 89,933,000 85,377,000 82,439,000
Waste Waste sent to landfill  (incl. incineration without energy recovery) T ons   29,022 27,205 22,136
Materials and Buildings Group supplement metrics 
Energy and fuel consumption by source
Natural Gas MWh 2,519,303 2,512,007 2,695,655
Gasoline MWh 10,324 9,174 9,862
Diesel MWh 98,929 75,539 82,565
LPG Derived Gases MWh 130,179 106,963 124,689
Mineral Coal MWh 169,816 127,836 73,953
Purchased electricity MWh 2,580,558 2,486,917 2,590,547
Scope 1 & 2 (Energy) - non renewable MWh 5,509,109 5,318,436 5,577,271
Renewable Energy Generated MWh 1,773 3,587 2,347
Renewable Energy Purchased MWh 81,890 130,983 169,451
Biofuels MWh 696 765 859
Scope 1 & 2 (Energy) - renewable MWh 84,359 135,335 172,657
T otal energy intensity by tons of product MWh/ton   0.9 0.87  0.88
Water Percent of fresh water withdrawn in regions 
with high or extremely high baseline water stress %  47%   49%   47%
Risk Adaptation & Mitigation
Revenues from low carbon  
and climate resilience solutions mUSD 1,331 1,522 1,984
Expenditures (OpEx)  
(for operational footprint improvements) kUSD 25,336 25,398 26,248
Investment (CapEx) 
(for operational footprint improvements) kUSD 10,218 9,302 13,293
New Scope 3 emission figures reflect improvements in our inventory completeness 
For additional metrics and further details on methodology, please refer to our 2021 ESG Databook
Table 4: Metrics from TCFD materials and buildings supplementary guidance
Introduction Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets
Climate Report 2021
www.orbia.com
