Our new, more ambitious emissions 
targets strengthen our commitment 
to tackle climate change. 
We believe doing this is right for the world and for our business. 
We have a responsibility, and a shared interest, to minimise carbon
emissions to help protect the future of the planet. This directly aligns 
with our company purpose to enable the sustainable and efficient 
delivery of the natural resources essential to create a better future for 
the world. We discuss the broader impact of the transition to a low-
carbon economy, including risks and opportunities in the markets for 
commodities produced by our customers and their technology needs, 
in our TCFD report (see pages 56 to 59).
OUR EMISSIONS PROFILE 
We track and report GHG emissions across our full value chain and
from this we know that:
• the overwhelming majority, 97%, of Weir Group’s end-to-end
carbon footprint is attributable to downstream value-chain scope 3, 
specifically the use phase of our long-lifespan products and
solutions on our customers’ sites - these are, in turn, within our 
customers’ scope 1&2 emissions, so we have a compelling shared
goal to reduce that footprint; 
• Upstream supply chain scope 3 emissions make up another 2.5%, 
predominantly purchased goods and services and transport; and
• Scope 1&2 emissions from our own operations make up0.5%.
This resolutely validates our sustainability roadmap strategic priority of 
Creating Sustainable Solutions. We believe we can reduce our scope
3 emissions and enable net zero for our customers' operations by 
shaping the next generation of smart, efficient and sustainable
solutions with cutting-edge science and our tradition of innovation. 
However, as a company we are committed to measuring, reporting
and reducing emissions across our full value chain.
Scope 1&2 emissions – Weir Group’s own operations.
This category includes emissions from within our operations within
our management control, including energy used in manufacturing
and other facilities. We track consumption of all forms of energy and
greenhouse gases in our facilities and quantify emissions quarterly 
for internal monitoring purposes, in addition to annual external 
reporting. Scope 1&2 market-based emissions in 2022 are below 
our SBTi commitments at around17% below the 2019 baseline 
of 184 ktCO2e (see Sustainability Review, page 45). 
One challenge for Weir is that we manufacture a high proportion
of products in our own foundries and therefore recognise a higher 
proportion of emissions in scopes 1&2 than if we were to export 
emissions to scope 3 by contracting out manufacturing. This 
highlights the importance of comprehensive emissions disclosure, 
including the impact of purchased goods and services.
Scope 3 emissions – Weir Group’s upstream and 
downstream value chain.
Emissions from right across our value chain, other than within our 
own operations, fall within scope 3. This ranges from sourcing of 
materials through to the recycling or disposal of products at the end
of life. While we are identifying actions to reduce emissions from 
materials and components that we buy, as well as transport 
emissions, these categories and associated costs are not material to
our target delivery. Our footprint is heavily weighted downstream in
our customers’ sites because our products are used in the most 
energy intensive parts of the mine – the load-haul cycle and in
comminution. So, as we grow and sell more products into our 
growing markets, the result would be additional scope 3 emissions. 
This is why our technology strategy is geared towards providing new 
or improved technologies that help our customers use energy more
efficiently, which together with their own commitments to source
renewable energy, helps to reduce our scope 3 footprint.
SCIENCE BASED TARGETS
In 2022, we were pleased to submit new, more ambitious scope 1,2
and 3 emissions reduction targets to the Science Based Targets 
Initiative (SBTi) for validation. The new targets include absolute 
reductions in market-based scope 1& 2 emissions of 30% and scope 
3 emissions of 15% by 2030, versus a 2019 baseline. The targets are
more ambitious than our previous goals, set in 2020, in two ways:
• switching from an intensity to an absolute emissions reduction
basis will drive deeper cuts in scope 1& 2 emissions; and
• the new scope 3 commitment adds targets for emissions in Weir’s 
upstream and downstream value chain for the first time.
These new targets will make a significant contribution to
decarbonising the mining industry. Delivering them would mean that 
in 2030, an annual reduction of circa 4.2 million tonnes CO2e is 
achieved – which is equivalent to the annual emissions of almost one
million petrol cars. 
SCOPE 4 – EMISSIONS AVOIDED BY THE TAKE-UP OF 
ENERGY EFFICIENT TECHNOLOGIES BY CUSTOMERS 
The comparative measure between the emissions of one technology 
versus an alternative has the term scope 4 – avoided emissions. It’s 
an emerging term that’s not currently covered in the greenhouse gas 
reporting protocol. However, it has the potential to quantify the
sustainability benefit of our products and solutions and thereby 
support our customers in delivering their net zero targets.
Because it’s a comparative rather than absolute measure, quantifying
scope 4 benefit is complex. So we are using a data-driven approach, 
devised by internal and external subject matter experts, and which we
intend to have validated by a third party. This will underpin two value
drivers for Weir.
Firstly, our scope 4 emissions data will become part of an enhanced
and compelling customer value proposition, additive to total cost 
of ownership (TCO) benefits. For customers, we are turning TCO into
'TCO-squared' by adding CO2e benefit to the mix.
Secondly, while the UK taxonomy has yet to be established, our 
robust approach creates potential for a larger proportion of our sales 
to be classified as green revenues as we quantify the substantive
CO2e savings of our products in use at customer sites versus 
alternative technologies.
MEASUREMENT AND DISCLOSURE
We publish scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions on pages 54 to 55 in this 2022
Annual Report. Changes in the assumptions underpinning these
calculations can have a substantial effect on the outcome. For 
example, in accordance with the GHG Protocol: Corporate Accounting
and Reporting Standard, for each Weir machine sold in the accounting
year, we have calculated emissions based on power consumption
over the lifetime of the equipment – typically the life of the mine on
which it operates. So we are committed to collaborating with our 
supply chain partners and customers to further develop a consistent 
approach for reporting, target setting and progress tracking across 
our industry.
In line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, we continue to review our 
reporting in the light of any changes in business structure, calculation
methodology and the accuracy or availability of data. As a result, we
have re-stated 2021 scope 3 emissions to reflect changes in
methodology and data. Due to recognised inherent uncertainties in
calculating scope 3, we have adopted a continuous improvement 
approach.We will continue to review our processes and disclose any 
restatements in a timely and transparent manner.
Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Additional Information
SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW
OUR EMISSIONS STRATEGY
The Weir Group PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2022 50
OUR TRANSITION PLAN 

