Taskforce on 
Climate-Related 
Financial 
Disclosures 
Report 2022  
Citi’s Approach to Climate Change  
and Net Zero

2 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
About This Report
This report presents information on Citi’s efforts 
towards implementing the recommendations 
of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD). This is our fourth TCFD 
Report since we voluntarily began reporting 
using the framework in 2018.
This report reflects a summary of our progress 
made to date towards incorporating climate risk 
and opportunity identification and management 
into our business strategy and disclosure efforts, 
consistent with TCFD recommendations. The 
available tools and methodologies to assess 
climate impacts, evaluate progress in reducing 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and assess 
potential climate-driven risks to our own assets 
and business strategy continue to evolve and 
improve. Citi is committed to contributing to 
methodology improvements and evolving its 
tools to assess climate risk as well as advancing 
our Net Zero Plan. Climate data, including the 
quantification of the GHG emissions associated 
with our clients and our estimates of emissions 
associated with clients’ value chains, will continue 
to evolve as this data improves. 
Citi has committed to achieving net zero emissions 
associated with our financing activities by 2050, 
and net zero emissions for our operations by 
2030. Our 2021 TCFD Report included Citi’s 
baseline financed emissions and 2030 targets for 
our Energy and Power loan portfolios, including 
the methodologies used and initial transition 
plans. This year’s report includes our first update 
since setting those targets, our progress made 
to date on our Net Zero Plan and inaugural 2030 
targets for four additional loan portfolio sectors —  
Auto Manufacturing, Commercial Real Estate, 
Steel and Thermal Coal Mining. 
Our climate risk and net zero work are related and 
reinforce each other . Whereas our climate risk 
work focuses on the identification, measurement 
and management of key risks arising from climate 
change, our net zero work focuses on Citi’s 
impacts on the climate and achieving our net 
zero emissions targets, which also help reduce 
risk. Common linkages exist between the two 
workstreams. For example, both rely on common 
data elements such as GHG emissions and a better 
understanding of our clients’ climate change 
mitigation and/or adaptation plans. Additionally, 
risk management tools can help achieve our net 
zero goals, and our Net Zero Plan can drive risk 
mitigation, particularly for credit, strategic and 
reputational risk.
Contents
Letter from the CEO
Part 1: Introduction 
Part 2: Governance 
Part 3: Strategy 
Part 4: Risk Management  
Part 5: Metrics & Targets 
Part 6: Looking Forward  
Appendices  
04
06
11
17
39
49
64
67
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 3
Our TCFD disclosure reflects our commitment to 
understanding and integrating climate risk into 
our risk management governance, processes and 
strategies, as well as our commitment to achieving 
our net zero goals.  

4 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
The events of the past year have underscored that the transition to a 
net zero economy will not be smooth or linear . The global ramifications 
of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine have led to massive volatility in the 
energy markets and renewed concerns about energy security. This has 
created additional momentum for the energy transition to counter the growing climate crisis. It has also 
raised new considerations that must be accounted for . 
Addressing the world’s energy and climate needs will be a balancing act. On the one hand, investing in 
energy security is essential — the global economy still runs primarily on oil and natural gas and many 
developing nations have neither the resources nor the infrastructure to make a quick shift to renewables. 
At the same time, investment in clean energy technologies is critical to addressing climate change, and 
support for companies working to dramatically reduce their carbon footprints must continue wherever 
they may be on their respective journeys. These considerations — the energy transition, energy security 
and access to energy — are not mutually exclusive and must be solved for simultaneously.
At Citi, we are putting our expertise and resources to work to help our clients tackle these climate and 
energy challenges. In January 2022, we released our initial plan for achieving net zero emissions by 2050, 
setting ambitious 2030 financed emissions reduction targets for our energy and power loan portfolios. 
In this year’s Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Report, we share our first 
year of progress towards these targets and set out 2030 targets for additional sectors including auto 
manufacturing, commercial real estate, steel and thermal coal mining.  
I have engaged with many of our clients around the world who are committed to doing what it takes to 
transition to a low-carbon economy. There is a universal acknowledgement, particularly within the hard-
to-abate sectors and developing economies, that the transition will take time. So, we will continue to work 
alongside our clients as they map out pathways that are orderly but ambitious, whilst ensuring they can 
continue to meet the world’s energy needs.
We need to invest heavily to scale new sustainable technologies and their supporting infrastructures to be 
viable alternatives to fossil fuels, and we have to drive down their associated cost curves to ensure their 
affordability. Nowhere is the criticality of affordable solutions more important than in emerging markets. 
Our work last year supporting Indonesia and Vietnam’s Just Energy Transition Partnerships and Egypt’s 
 
Letter from the CEO

TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 5
landmark energy transition program has resulted in more actionable playbooks that other countries can 
learn from and follow.  
Obtaining more reliable and actionable climate data also continues to be a challenge that we are navigating 
across our businesses, and we’ve been supportive of regulatory developments to ensure more consistent, 
comparable and reliable climate disclosures.
Over the past year , we have continued to build up our capacity to manage and mitigate climate risks, whilst 
also realigning our own business around opportunities in the energy transition. That includes augmenting 
our Clean Energy Transitions banking team, expanding our Climate Risk team and establishing a Head of 
Net Zero Operations to help realize our net zero commitment for Citi’s own sites and facilities. Despite 
the geopolitical and macroeconomic headwinds, we continue to make progress toward meeting our 
commitment to financing and facilitating $1 trillion in sustainable finance by 2030. 
Meeting the need for energy access whilst also accelerating the transition to a low-carbon economy is no 
easy feat. But as the world’s most global bank that has an on-the-ground presence in 95 countries and does 
business in nearly 160 countries, we have the unique perspective and local knowledge to support solutions 
for the clients and communities we serve.
I invite you to learn more about Citi’s approach and initiatives across our firm in the pages that follow. Our 
TCFD Report represents a hallmark of all our climate-related efforts — our commitment to transparency. 
The report describes our continued efforts towards our climate goals and disclosures in line with the TCFD 
framework. We are transparent about our progress and the challenges we face on the path to net zero 
and are committed to sharing our experience so that we all can learn together and chart the course to a 
healthier , more sustainable future.  
.  
Jane Fraser | Chief Executive Officer, Citi
6 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Introductory Statements
Citi has over two decades of experience assessing and managing environmental- and social-related risks 
and opportunities. As these issues have continued to evolve, so has our understanding of climate-related 
risks and opportunities. This year , we have increased the number of our loan portfolio sectors covered by 
our Net Zero Plan from two to six. With each sector that we bring into our Net Zero Plan, we leverage our 
learnings from the other sectors, including the methodologies and metrics used and the client engagement 
tools developed. We remain committed to improving upon the progress made to date. 
 
Introduction
 
PART 1
Defining Our Net Zero Plan 
Our Net Zero Transition Principles and our Net Zero Plan provide the foundation for us to implement 
our goal of achieving net zero operational emissions by 2030 and for our financing by 2050. Our 
sector-specific financed emissions reduction targets for each of the in-scope lending portfolios now 
includes Auto Manufacturing, Commercial Real Estate, Energy, Power , Steel and Thermal Coal Mining. 
A broad governance structure oversees our Net Zero Plan, consisting of the full Board and three 
Board committees: an ESG Council chaired by our CEO, and a newly formed Climate and Sustainability 
Council, which combines our prior Global Sustainability Steering Committee and our Net Zero Task 
Force. Operationalizing this Net Zero Plan will require a coordinated effort across our businesses. 
We are providing financial support and advice for climate solutions under our $1 Trillion Sustainable 
Finance Commitment. In addition, we are working to improve our own skill base to better assess 
and support our clients. We are providing climate-related training to frontline banking teams and 
risk managers to advance our engagement strategy to better assess our clients’ climate risk and 
transition plans while maintaining transparent and productive communication with a variety of 
stakeholders including investors, regulators and policymakers. Our sectoral targets, exposures and 
financed emissions and intensity metrics will serve as benchmarks to keep us accountable and 
highlight any needs for corrective action. Our Net Zero Plan is summarized in the graphic below. 
Please click on the links for further detail on each element of our Net Zero Plan. 
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 7
Citi’s Net Zero Plan
Implementation Strategy Engagement Strategy Metrics and Targets
Governance
$1 Trillion Sustainable 
Finance Commitment
Internal policy development 
and implementation
Internal training and capacity 
building
Business unit restructuring
Investor and stakeholder 
engagement
2030 sectoral targets
Absolute emissions and 
emissions intensity metrics
(including baselines) 
Sectoral exposures
Operational targets and 
baselines
Regulator and policymaker 
engagement
Client engagement and review
Board of Directors 
and relevant 
Board Committees
Climate and 
Sustainability 
Council
Climate Risk 
Steering GroupESG Council
Foundations
Net zero emissions 
by 2030 commitment 
for operations
Net zero emissions 
by 2050 commitment 
for ﬁnancing
Citi’s Net Zero
 Transition Principles
We commit to continually apply lessons learned and value the feedback we have received to date. For 
example, we recently were included in the Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change’s and Transition 
Pathway Initiative’s (TPI)1 financial sector pilot. The TPI is developing a framework to assess the financial 
sector’s preparedness for energy transition and, to that end, conducted a pilot analysis of 27 banks from 
across the world, including Citi. The pilot indicators attempted to capture a comprehensive picture of 
Citi’s Net Zero Plan by looking at our (1) net zero commitments; (2) short- and medium-term targets; (3) 
decarbonization strategies; (4) climate governance; (5) climate policy engagement; and (6) audit and 
accounts. The TPI pilot found that Citi was a leader among other pilot participants in climate governance 
and noted the granularity of our disclosures regarding our exposure to high-risk sectors. 
As a global bank, we also engage with various local and national policymakers around the world on a range 
of topics including net-zero initiatives, modeling and disclosure. We are also a part of the Net Zero Banking 
1 The TPI Global Climate Transition Centre, launched by the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment (based at 
the London School of Economics and Political Science) is an independent, authoritative source of research, designed to assess the world’s 
biggest companies as they transition to a low-carbon economy, with particular focus on corporate climate governance and carbon emissions. 
For more information, please see the TPI’s website.
8 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Alliance (NZBA), which is part of the broader Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ). This year’s 
Report also discusses the recommendations and voluntary guidance of GFANZ’s Financial Institutions Net-
zero Transition Plans.
It is difficult to reflect on this past year without acknowledging the humanitarian crisis created by Russia’s 
invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and the resulting economic uncertainty in global energy security and 
commodity prices. These events have highlighted the challenges inherent in the clean energy transition, 
as well as the importance of an orderly and equitable transition that minimizes global disruption while 
ensuring access to energy. We are working with our clients to explore ways to align their individual 
emissions reduction strategies with the broader transition to a low-carbon economy. 
Informed by GFANZ Recommendations and Guidance
Citi is a member of the GFANZ and NZBA steering groups that provide voluntary guidance on the 
development of net zero leadership initiatives and frameworks. 
In June 2022, GFANZ released its recommendations and voluntary guidance for Financial 
Institution Net-zero Transition Plans  which identifies four approaches to support real economy  
GHG emissions reductions:
1. Climate Solutions: financing or enabling entities and activities that develop and scale  
climate solutions; 
2. Aligned: financing or enabling entities that are already aligned to a 1.5°C pathway; 
3. Aligning: financing or enabling entities committed to 1.5°C-aligned pathways; and  
4. Managed Phaseout: financing or enabling the accelerated managed phaseout of high-emitting 
physical assets. 
To that end, the guidance recommends that a net zero plan address ten core components grouped 
into five themes: (1) Foundations; (2) Implementation Strategy; (3) Engagement Strategy; (4) Metrics 
and Targets; and (5) Governance. Our Net Zero Plan graphic on page 7 builds upon this guidance.
In addition to continued implementation of the TCFD recommendations, this report is also informed 
by the GFANZ guidance. We have drawn from GFANZ’s guidance in developing our approach, but note 
that there may be some areas where we deviate if a particular recommendation does not make sense 
for Citi given our businesses and unique geographic footprint.
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 9
Timeline of Climate Action
2015
Launched first Sustainable Progress Strategy 
and $100B Environmental Finance Goal
2017
Announced goal to source 100% renewable  
electricity for our facilities by 2020
2019
Issued inaugural €1B green bond
First U.S. signatory of the Principles for  
Responsible Banking
Co-developed the Poseidon Principles
2021
Announced net zero emissions by 2050
Founding member of  
the Net-Zero Banking Alliance 
Joined Breakthrough Energy Catalyst and RMI 
Center for Climate Aligned Finance
2023
Added Auto Manufacturing, Commercial Real 
Estate, Steel and Thermal Coal Mining loan 
portfolios to our Net Zero Plan
2007
Issued our first Climate Change  
Statement, supporting a globally connected  
market-based climate policy
First U.S. bank to set a GHG reduction target
Launched 10-year $50B Climate Initiative
2014
Co-created The Green Bond Principles
2018
Published first TCFD Report 
Signed “We Are Still In” Declaration 
 in support of the Paris Agreement
2020
Launched updated Sustainable Progress Strategy
Launched Citi Impact Fund
Issued $1.5B green bond
Joined Partnership for Carbon Accounting  
Financials (PCAF)
Published second TCFD Report 
2022
Published third TCFD Report and initial  
Net Zero Plan 
Founding signatory of the Sustainable Steel 
Principles with RMI
10 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
A Brief Note on Materiality
At Citi, we recognize that in general, assessing materiality requires thoughtful consideration not 
only of any applicable materiality standard, but also of our purpose in assessing materiality and in 
communicating to our stakeholders. Our public disclosures, including our voluntary environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) and climate-related disclosures, include a range of topics that we 
believe are relevant to our businesses and that are of interest to investors and other stakeholders. 
We use the definition of materiality established under U.S. federal securities laws for the purposes 
of complying with the disclosure rules and regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC) and applicable stock exchange listing standards. However , our voluntary 
ESG disclosures consider broader definitions of materiality promulgated by other frameworks and 
reporting guidelines that take into consideration a wider range of factors, including the views of 
stakeholders and our ambition to play a leading role in financing the energy transition. 
For the purposes of discussing climate risks and opportunities in this TCFD Report, we use an 
approach to materiality that is consistent with the TCFD recommendations. Therefore, this report 
incorporates a climate change “double materiality” perspective — looking at both the climate’s impact 
on our company, and our company’s impact on climate — and, for example, uses longer time frames 
to assess potential impacts than those time frames customarily used in our required disclosures, 
including those mandated by SEC rules and regulations. This layered approach means that this TCFD 
Report and many of our other voluntary disclosures capture details on ESG issues, including climate-
related risks and opportunities that may not be, and are not necessary to be, incorporated into 
our required disclosures. Our approach to materiality in this TCFD Report and other voluntary ESG 
disclosures also means that statements made in this report and in our other voluntary disclosures 
use a greater number of assumptions and estimates than many of our required disclosures. These 
assumptions and estimates are likely to change over time, and, when coupled with the longer time 
frames used in these voluntary disclosures, make any assessment of materiality inherently uncertain. 
In addition, our climate risk management efforts and net zero strategy remain under development, 
and the data underlying our climate risk management efforts and strategy are expected to evolve 
over time, particularly given ongoing challenges related to the quality, accuracy and quantity of 
climate data. As a result, we anticipate that certain disclosures made in this report and our other 
voluntary ESG disclosures are likely to be amended, updated or restated in the future as the quality 
and completeness of our data and methodologies continue to improve. 
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 11
Citi’s climate governance structure continues to evolve as we advance our understanding of Citi’s climate 
risk and our progress under the Net Zero Plan. Since our 2021 TCFD Report, we have:
 • Expanded our Board of Directors’ oversight of certain climate-related matters such as climate risk 
and climate and ESG disclosures. Codified the integration of climate-related issues with certain 
Board committees, including incorporating oversight of our climate disclosure risk and controls 
environment into the Audit Committee (AC) charter and climate risk oversight into the Risk 
Management Committee (RMC) charter;
 • Commenced an ESG Disclosure Committee to support the Board and AC and provide oversight of 
Citi’s disclosure controls and procedures;
 • Expanded and realigned our Climate Risk team to be part of the Enterprise Risk Management 
function within Risk and further added subject matter expertise; 
 • Launched two climate training pilots for our BCMA (Banking, Capital Markets and Advisory), Risk 
Management and Global Functions teams involving in-person workshops focused on providing 
foundational knowledge of climate risks and client transition plans;
 • Further built out our Clean Energy Transition (CET) team (formed in 2021 and expanded in 2022 
to include Corporate Banking), which focuses on providing advisory and capital-raising services to 
companies involved in energy transition;
 • Expanded capacity of our Sustainability & Corporate Transitions (SCT) team to cover the Asia 
Pacific (APAC) region with new team members based in Singapore and Australia, and formed an 
SCT Corporate Banking Team; and
 • Established a new management position — the Head of Net Zero Operations — to provide leadership 
and expertise to help us reach our net zero operations commitment.
Our 2021 TCFD Report included a diagram which illustrated our climate governance structure. The 
following diagram is an updated version of last year’s structure and reflects the changes Citi made since 
our last TCFD Report.
 
Governance
 
PART 2
12 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Climate Change Governance at Citi
Executive Management Team
CEO
Global ESG 
Council 
Global Functions
Chief Risk Ofﬁcer CEO of Institutional 
Clients Group
Steering and Working Groups
Global Head of 
Enterprise Services 
and Public Affairs
Legal
Internal 
Audit
Finance
Audit Committee Risk Management Committee
Board of Directors
Nomination, Governance and 
Public Affairs Committee
Climate Risk Steering Group Climate and 
Sustainability CouncilClimate Risk Working Group
Management and 
Specialized Functions
Enterprise 
Services and 
Public Affairs
Independent 
Risk 
Management
Institutional Clients Group
Sustainability 
& ESG Team
Climate Risk 
Team
Citi Location 
and Realty 
Services
Environmental 
and Social Risk 
Management 
Team 
Sustainability 
& Corporate 
Transitions Team
Natural Resources 
& Clean Energy 
Transition Team
Sustainable Debt 
Capital Markets Team
Markets ESG Team
Banking, 
Capital 
Markets 
and 
Advisory 
(BCMA)
Global 
Markets
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 13
Board Oversight
Citi’s full Board of Directors has ultimate oversight of Citi’s approaches to considering, evaluating and 
integrating climate-related risks and opportunities throughout the organization, including oversight of our 
Net Zero Plan.
The Board receives regular reports from key personnel regarding climate-related matters. Since 2021, the 
Board has received four reports regarding Citi’s Net Zero Plan and progress towards Citi’s climate-related 
goals. The Board also received a climate risk and net zero deep-dive tutorial from the Chief Sustainability 
Officer (CSO), Global Head of Climate Risk and the Global Head of Corporate Banking.
Three Board-level committees also have direct oversight responsibility for climate-related activities: the 
Nomination, Governance and Public Affairs Committee (NGPAC), the Risk Management Committee (RMC) 
and the Audit Committee (AC).  
The NGPAC oversees many of Citi’s ESG activities, including receiving reports from and advising 
management on climate-related matters. The NGPAC receives reports from Citi’s Chief Sustainability 
Officer on at least an annual basis. The NGPAC also reviews Citi’s policies, programs and disclosure 
approach for sustainability and climate change issues, and oversees management’s engagement with 
investors and major external stakeholders on sustainability and climate change matters. Since 2021, the 
NGPAC has received a number of meetings to review shareholder proposals (including ones related to 
fossil fuel financing and biodiversity) and received an ESG update in 2022. For more information on the 
roles and responsibilities of the NGPAC, please see our NGPAC Charter.
The RMC provides oversight of Citi’s risk management framework and reviews Citi’s key risk policies 
and practices, including those focused on climate-related risks. The RMC also receives updates, as 
necessary and appropriate, from management on climate-related risk. During 2022, the RMC received 
updates on climate risk including the climate risk management framework, client-level climate 
assessment methodology and results of climate scenario analysis. For more information on the roles and 
responsibilities of the RMC, please see our RMC Charter.
The AC assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, such as general compliance with legal 
and regulatory requirements and our internal disclosure controls and procedures. Ultimately, the AC has 
oversight over the controls and procedures related to Citi’s ESG and climate-related reporting, including 
both voluntary disclosures and regulatory filings. In 2022, the AC held two meetings to review existing ESG 
disclosure controls and procedures. For more information on the roles and responsibilities of the AC, please 
see our AC Charter.
Details regarding our Board’s and Board committee’s oversight of climate matters, including the scope of 
the NGPAC’s oversight of Citi’s climate activities and performance and the RMC’s oversight of risk policies 
and frameworks, are described in greater detail in our prior TCFD Reports and in these committees’ 
charters on our website.
14 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Management Responsibility
The role of assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities is a shared responsibility 
across Citi. Senior managers from the Institutional Clients Group, Risk Management, Enterprise Services 
and Public Affairs, Finance and Legal collaborate and work simultaneously to manage climate risk and 
implement Citi’s Net Zero Plan. 
In 2022, Citi’s climate management governance structure continued to evolve as we enhanced our climate 
strategy to implement our Net Zero Plan and meet our global objectives. We updated and reorganized our 
climate management structure to respond to our growing understanding of climate-related risks and how 
to best achieve our climate goals. Accordingly, we added a new position, the Head of Net Zero Operations, 
in 2022 to provide leadership and expertise to specifically help us reach our goal of net zero emissions 
for our operations by 2030. This role works closely with the Citi Location and Realty Services team, which 
is responsible for monitoring and reporting on operational footprint goals. Also, in 2022 we realigned 
our Climate Risk team to be housed within our Enterprise Risk Management function to further embed 
climate within our risk management policies and practices. We continued to grow our Climate Risk team 
to increase the capabilities and climate-related expertise of this important management body. We also are 
combining our former Global Sustainability Steering Committee and Net Zero Task Force into the Climate 
and Sustainability Council to further operationalize our net zero and sustainability goals and facilitate cross 
functional collaboration across Citi’s businesses. 
In 2022, the ESG Council, which consists of senior members of management and certain subject matter 
experts who provide review and guidance of our ESG activities and goals, met on a near monthly basis 
to discuss sustainable finance progress, climate data governance and progress towards our net zero 
operations commitment. The ESG Council additionally reviewed our net zero financing progress, which 
included discussions of targets for new sectors and for the Energy and Power sectors.
Given Citi’s global presence and the growing international shift from voluntary reporting to mandated 
climate-related disclosures, our climate governance has grown to further involve global functions including 
Legal, Internal Audit, Finance and Compliance. These global functions work with our management and 
specialized groups to assist in the development of our climate-related disclosures and prepare for emerging 
regulation applicable to our global entities. 
Additional details regarding the management structure of our climate governance including our corporate, 
risk management, business units and operations and technology groups are described in greater detail in 
pages 12-14 of our 2021 TCFD Report.
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 15
Skills, Culture & Expertise
We understand that achieving our climate goals and implementing our Net Zero Plan requires the 
members of our governance teams to further develop climate-related expertise and capabilities. At Citi, 
we believe that the Board should be composed of individuals who are skilled in more than one area, 
with the ability to advise on a wide array of potential risks, and thereby contribute more broadly to the 
oversight of the firm. We therefore continue to educate our entire Board, as well as senior management, 
to build out climate-related expertise and capabilities. For example, as discussed earlier , since 2021, 
the Board has received four reports regarding our Net Zero Plan and a deep-dive net zero tutorial 
from seniors.  Our senior management also continued to expand their climate expertise and capability 
to evaluate and manage climate risk and implement our Net Zero Plan through internal deep-dive 
presentations designed for specific banking teams and participating in internal and external webinars 
and roundtables. 
Realizing our climate goals and implementing our Net Zero Plan also requires a skilled workforce with 
climate expertise. Citi is continuing to evaluate and develop employee training pilots on climate change. 
We have continued to offer our enterprise-wide training module on climate risk and have launched 
targeted foundational training for frontline banking teams. For more information, please see the Climate 
Training section. 
Remuneration
Sustainability and climate-related goals are incorporated into several executive scorecards, which are 
key elements of performance management tied to the determination of incentive compensation for 
these executives. 
Scorecards for members of the Executive Management team and senior management include progress 
on our Net Zero Plan and target setting, our $1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Commitment and climate risk 
management. Certain positions have specific scorecard elements, for example: 
 • CEO - Driving the delivery of environmental and social finance under our $1 Trillion Sustainable 
Finance Goal; and 
 • CEO of ICG, Chief Risk Officer , Global Head of Enterprise Services and Public Affairs, and Global 
Co-Heads of BCMA - Supporting the development and operationalization of Citi’s Net Zero Plan and 
applicable 2030 targets, and driving the delivery of environmental and social finance under the $1 
Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal.
For further detail on our $1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal, please see the “Metrics & Targets” section of 
this report. 
Moreover , climate change strategy and risk management performance goals are incorporated into annual 
goals and performance review processes for a number of our senior executives and their teams that are 
16 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
responsible for developing and implementing our approach to climate change. These executives include 
the CSO, Head of Environmental and Social Risk Management (ESRM), Global Head of Climate Risk, Head 
of Net Zero Operations and the Global Head of Building Operations, whose team is responsible for our 
environmental footprint goals.
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 17
This period of low-carbon transition presents new challenges and unique opportunities which we are 
embracing across the firm. As clients around the globe seek to both develop and take advantage of these 
opportunities, we want to be there to support their transition. To this end, we have re-organized key 
business teams to provide cross-sector expertise and financing. We are also focused on managing the risks 
that climate change presents to our firm through updated climate risk management processes as well as 
through our Net Zero Plan. 
Net Zero Commitment
In 2021, Citi announced our commitment to achieving net zero GHG emissions by 2050. In line with 
this commitment, we have set interim targets that were developed in accordance with our net zero 
methodology, outlined below. 
 
Strategy
 
PART 3
Step 1:  
Identifying Scope and 
Metrics 
To start, we determine what emissions are relevant and appropriate to include for 
each sector and what parts, if any, of the sector portfolio should be excluded from 
the process. 
Step 2:  
Establishing the Baseline  
Next, we calculate financed emissions and emissions intensity metrics for each 
sector , and determine the appropriate type of baseline and target for  
that sector . Here, we determine what data sources to use and determine our data 
quality score. 
Step 3:  
Identifying Decarbonization 
Pathways and Setting 
Targets  
To understand the possible pathways from our baseline to our ultimate net zero 
target, we benchmark against available scenarios for each sector and decide on 
the appropriate one. Next, we identify the difference between our current portfolio 
emissions and where they need to be by 2030, under the selected decarbonization 
pathway. We then establish our interim 2030 targets.
Step 4:  
Developing Strategies for 
Achieving the Targeted 
Emissions Reductions   
This next step involves the development of an implementation plan to achieve 
targeted reductions in each of the sectors. For corporate clients material to our net 
zero boundary, this entails a review of their decarbonization goals and plans together 
with more broadly engaging with them on their strategy and identifying transition 
business opportunities with respect to (for example) transition finance or advisory.
Step 5:  
Reporting and Verification 
We report our emissions and information on our transition plan in our annual TCFD 
disclosure. This includes financed emissions attributed from our clients’ Scope 1, 
Scope 2 and relevant Scope 3 emissions. This stage also includes continual work on  
improvements to our financed emissions data, such as using client engagement to 
increase and enhance publicly reported information.
18 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Net Zero Plan for New Sectors
Before detailing our Net Zero Plan for Auto Manufacturing, Commercial Real Estate, Steel and Thermal Coal 
Mining, this section briefly describes how we calculate our emissions baselines and key metrics utilizing 
the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) methodology and analyze various climate 
scenarios (including those published by the International Energy Agency (IEA) to understand the potential 
decarbonization pathways and establish emissions reduction targets. 
Establishing our Net Zero Methodology 
PCAF is an open collaboration of financial institutions working to develop a global carbon accounting 
standard for how financial institutions measure and disclose Scope 3 “financed emissions,” or the underlying 
GHG emissions generated by the entities in which a financial institution invests or to which it lends money. 
Citi joined PCAF in 2020 and has drawn upon its methodology in calculating our financed emissions. For 
more information on PCAF, see page 45 of our 2020 TCFD Report. 
In last year’s report, we explained how we calculate absolute financed emissions metrics in two ways: (1) 
using committed funds (the capital available to a client for a certain use) and (2) using outstanding funds 
(the funds actually drawn down on such available credit), per the PCAF standard. For the purposes of 
understanding our absolute financed emissions, forward-looking emissions management and establishing 
absolute targets where relevant (for certain sectors), we rely on the first of these approaches — total 
committed exposure. This more accurately reflects the maximum amount that Citi has agreed to finance 
for these clients, although we provide both metrics for transparency. We have used the committed funds 
approach for all four new sectors.  
Citi’s Net Zero Transition Principles — Summary 
In 2021, we drafted our Net Zero Transition Principles to guide us in our implementation of our net 
zero commitment and targets.
Net Zero Leadership – Set ambitious and transparent net zero targets aligned with climate science.
Focus on Transition – Partner with clients through their transition and assist clients’ and 
governments’ evaluation of carbon-intensive assets and subsequent retirement or divestment. 
Social Responsibility – Strive to ensure Citi’s transition to net zero is consistent with sustainable 
development objectives and assess the impact of our financing decisions upon lower-income 
communities and developing countries.
Client Transparency – Partner with clients to aid development of their decarbonization strategies, 
communicating clearly and transparently.
Constructive Engagement – Promote climate-related policies and regulations.
Disclosure – Annually report on Citi’s progress and transition.
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 19
Currently, there is no single, global, cross-sector data provider that adequately and consistently covers our 
needed scope for data to analyze emissions and assess physical and transition risks across our operations 
and portfolios. Instead, we obtain historic reported data and leverage certain third-party vendors, such as 
CDP (formerly, the Carbon Disclosure Project) and S&P Global Trucost, to supplement existing data to meet 
specific needs. We also use the PCAF emissions factor database when needed to fill data gaps. 
PCAF has established a data quality hierarchy that allows Citi to score emissions estimates for all clients. 
Data scores range from 1 to 5, with a score of 1 signifying disclosed and third party verified emissions — 
the highest quality data — and a score of 5 signifying the greatest level of estimation based on sectoral 
economic activity emissions factors — the lowest quality data. Without client specific data, the sector-
level estimations can result in inaccurate estimations of client emissions. We are continually working to 
improve the data that we use, which will in turn refine the calculation results that we report in our annual 
disclosures. Please see the “Metrics & Targets” section of this report for further details of our PCAF data 
quality score for each of our sectors. 
Scenario Benchmarking 
To better inform our decarbonization pathways and support the development of interim targets, we 
evaluate and use a variety of scenarios. Our NZBA commitment indicates that we use the UNEP FI 
Guidelines as the framework for aligning our portfolios with pathways to net zero by 2050. However , the 
UNEP FI Guidelines do not specify the scenarios to be used in target setting. For most sectors, Citi has used 
the industry-specific scenarios issued by the International Energy Agency (IEA) in its annual World Energy 
Outlook and interim special reports — notably, the IEA Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS) and Net-
Zero Emissions (NZE) scenarios.2 We continue to assess appropriate scenario benchmarks, such as the use 
of Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor (CRREM) to benchmark our Commercial Real Estate portfolio. For more 
information on scenario selection, see page 22 in Citi’s 2021 TCFD Report. 
Auto Manufacturing  
Our Auto Manufacturing methodology is focused on Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) producing 
light-duty vehicles, which are responsible for approximately half of transport sector emissions. Medium- 
and heavy-duty vehicles are expected to require different technologies as the transition to a low-carbon 
economy progresses; given these distinctions, Citi has at this time excluded medium- and heavy-duty 
manufacturers from its Auto Manufacturing boundary.
For the Auto Manufacturing sector , we used the PCAF methodology to calculate the absolute financed 
emissions using outstanding fund amounts and also ran the calculations using committed funds. For data 
sources, we utilized the following:
 • S&P Global Trucost dataset
 • Production data from LMC Automotive, a GlobalData Company
2 For our Steel portfolio, we have utilized the RMI Methodology. Please see below.
20 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
 • PCAF emissions factor database
Automotive production data included, among other items, the number of vehicles produced by each OEM, 
and was used to estimate tailpipe emissions where needed and to calculate the physical intensity metric. In 
determining whether to set an absolute- or intensity-based emissions target, we considered how a target 
for this sector may accommodate continued growth in this sector and growing demand for mobility, but 
in a manner that facilitates decarbonization. We have therefore set an intensity-based emissions target 
for this sector . We benchmarked against the NZE 2050 scenario to determine our decarbonization 
pathway and set our interim 2030 goal, in alignment with our already-established Energy target, which 
relies on the same assumptions for decarbonization across the two sectors. 
Thermal Coal Mining  
The net zero boundary for our baseline and target includes companies deriving at least 5% of their 
revenue from thermal coal mining activities, a broader boundary than that of our Environmental and 
Social Risk Management (ESRM) Policy3. We are using total committed funds to calculate our financed 
emissions baseline. We used S&P Global Trucost for emissions data and supplemented this with production 
and revenue data. Our data quality, per the PCAF hierarchy, scored 3.1 (out of 5), reflecting our reliance on 
production data (the availability of emissions data in this area is limited by a lower number of companies 
disclosing such information). 
We have selected an absolute emissions target for this sector using the International Energy Agency 
Sustainable Development Scenario, OECD Pathway (“IEA SDS OECD”) as guidance. When benchmarking 
against the IEA SDS OECD scenario, which is a more ambitious pathway compared to NZE 2050 due to 
expectations that OECD countries will decarbonize sooner than the overall global approach, the implied 
target reduction is 83.5% by 2030. We have decided to raise that thermal coal financed emissions 
reduction target to 90%. The ESRM Policy targets a 100% credit exposure phaseout by 2030 for 
companies deriving ≥ 25% of their revenue from thermal coal mining, and our Net Zero Plan sets an 
emissions reduction target of 90% for companies deriving ≥5% of their revenue from thermal coal mining. 
3 Our ESRM policy applies to companies that derive ≥25% of their revenues from thermal coal mining. Under the ESRM Policy, by the end 
of 2025, Citi will have reduced its credit exposure to thermal coal mining companies by 50% from a 2020 baseline; after 2025, we will no 
longer facilitate capital markets transactions or mergers and acquisition advisory and financing for these companies; and by the end of 
2030, our remaining exposure to such companies will be zero.
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 21
Steel  
Citi participated in a working group facilitated by the Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI) to design and develop 
the Sustainable STEEL Principles (SSP), a solution for measuring and disclosing the alignment of steel 
lending portfolios with 1.5°C climate targets. We have utilized the SSP Methodology to aid the scope, 
boundaries and target setting of this sector within our Net Zero Plan. 
For the steel production industry, the SSP Methodology focuses on the calculation of emissions intensity 
per ton of steel produced within a fixed system boundary. It bifurcates the production of steel into two 
categories, each with their own unique emissions reduction pathway — ore-based (mined) and scrap-based 
(recycled). We have set a single emissions intensity target for the steel sector that accommodates the 
differentiated decarbonization pathways for primary and secondary steel producers. 
The SSP Methodology covers Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions and some upstream, indirect Scope 
3 GHG emissions from purchased products (such as emissions from purchased pellets) as well as the 
processing of sold products (such as emissions from steel rolling mills). Citi has aligned with this boundary 
for our absolute financed emissions reporting. Through this fixed boundary system approach and inclusion 
of some upstream Scope 3 emissions, the most carbon-intensive aspect of the iron value chain (use of 
product) is also captured under the SSP approach. Due to data availability, we are including — where more 
granular data is not available — all Scope 3 GHG emissions categories to calculate our absolute financed 
emissions.4 We used S&P Global Trucost and CDP data for these calculations. Our initial data quality for this 
sector scored 2.1 (of 5) on PCAF’s scale.
We aligned with the SSP Methodology’s steel production North American Industry Classification System 
(NAICS) codes to identify which companies to include in our baseline assessment. We have calculated our 
absolute financed emissions for PCAF reporting using outstanding funds, as well as committed funds to 
align with our NZBA target boundary.
We intend to use CRU, the SSP’s partner data provider , to calculate the steel portfolio Climate Alignment 
Score. Per the SSP climate alignment methodology, which measures annual alignment with the scenario, 
Citi will set a target to have a Climate Alignment Score of 0 in 2030. This equates to aligning with IEA NZE 
2050 scenario, but at a more granular level (ensuring the portfolio is NZE-aligned for the primary and 
secondary steel production). As the Climate Alignment Score measures annual alignment to the scenario, 
year-on-year portfolio decarbonization is required to continue meeting the score. Given timing constraints 
on data delivery, we were unable to calculate Citi’s Climate Alignment Score for year-end 2021 in time for 
publication. We plan to report this metric in a future disclosure.
4 See GHG Protocol, Technical Guidance for Calculating Scope 3 Emissions at 8-10 (2013). 
22 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Sustainable STEEL Principles Methodology  
The Sustainable STEEL Principles (SSP) are a turn-key solution for measuring and disclosing the 
1.5°C alignment of steel lending portfolios. Designed to support the practical achievement of net  
zero emissions in the steel industry, they also provide the tools necessary for client engagement  
and advocacy.
The SSP is focused on reporting the emissions intensity of steel produced at the product level from 
a specific asset/individual sites. Emissions need to be reported in accordance with a defined fixed 
system boundary, irrespective of corporate ownership or control. The fraction of ore and scrap inputs 
used to produce steel should also be disclosed. The SSP provides steelmakers with a consistent 
method for reporting emissions from ore- and scrap-based metallic inputs and steel product and for 
using emissions data calculated from measured energy for specific processes within the supply chain.
The output of the SSP methodology is a portfolio level Climate Alignment Score, which indicates 
alignment to the IEA NZE scenario and the MPP Technology Moratorium scenario.
         
ALIGNMENT ZONE FOR A  
SAMPLE STEEL MAKER5
 The SSP were based on the model of the Poseidon Principles — a framework focused on the shipping 
sector . Launched in 2019, the Poseidon Principles are now a global climate standard, with signatory 
banks representing approximately 65% of the global shipping finance portfolio.
As a member of the working group, Citi worked closely with RMI and corporations in the steel 
industry in the design and development of the SSP. RMI has now launched similar consortiums for 
the Aviation and Aluminum sectors, which Citi is also participating in to help develop climate-aligned 
finance approaches for each of these hard-to-abate sectors.
5 Source: RMI Alignment Zone Briefing: https://climatealignment.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/alignment_zone_briefing.pdf, page 4.  
0.0
0.2
0.4
0.6
0.8
1.0
1.2
1.4
1.6
1.8
2.0
2.2
2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
 
Alignment Score 0-1 
Well-below 2OC Alignment Score >1
Misaligned
Alignment Score <0 
1.5OC-Aligned Target: IEA NZE
MPP TM 
Emissions Intensity (t CO2/t steel)
Year
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 23
 Commercial Real Estate  
For the Commercial Real Estate (CRE) sector , under our Net Zero Plan, we are focusing on direct financing 
and using the PCAF Commercial Real Estate asset class methodology. For our initial baseline and target, we 
considered  North American clients given the regional variation of data quality. The PCAF Commercial Real 
Estate asset class methodology includes on-balance sheet loans specifically for the purchase and refinance 
of commercial real estate and investments in the same. In alignment with the PCAF Standard, our baseline 
emissions are comprised of a building’s operational emissions, or Scope 1 and 2. We have included three 
loan portfolios for the baseline emissions and annual absolute emissions disclosure for this sector — Citi 
Community Capital (CCC), Global Wealth and Markets. However , we decided to not include CCC in our target 
setting process, so as to avoid any unintended incentives to reduce lending in this area. 
In calculating our baseline, we have relied on publicly available data through CRREM, the EIA Commercial 
Building Energy Consumption Survey (CBES), Residential Energy Consumption Survey (RECS), and the 
EPA. These data sources, while regionally specific, still create a highly estimated data quality emissions 
footprint. We are continuing to develop strategies for ensuring that we have the sufficient quantity and 
quality of data, as measured against the PCAF data score hierarchy. This year , our PCAF data quality 
score for the CRE sector was 4.4 (out of 5), indicating the high degree of estimation used to calculate this 
footprint. Unlike other sectors, where we can rely on corporate emissions reporting to bolster our data 
quality, building-specific data (such as metered energy use and calculated emissions) are not as readily 
reported and in a consistent manner across regions. Therefore, improving the data quality of the CRE 
sector calculations will require a unique engagement approach that occurs in a different context than that 
of our corporate clients. As we refine the data in the coming years, we will continue to assess appropriate 
target pathways for the portfolio. 
For the CRE sector , we have set an intensity target, highlighting the projected sectoral growth decoupled 
from GHG emissions, and acknowledge that decarbonization of the CRE sector will largely rely on the 
decarbonization of the Power sector (a primary source of building emissions is purchased electricity). We 
have benchmarked against the U.S. CRREM scenarios for property types relevant to the current portfolio.
Next Steps  
We recognize that there is no one-size-fits-all approach to achieving 1.5°C-aligned targets across sectors. 
As illustrated in the Achieving 2030 Targets graphic on page 25, there are a variety of levers that we 
expect to be needed to achieve our targets. Client engagement remains the priority, and as we proceed 
with our client reviews, we will look to identify and communicate expectations we see for our clients.
Our baseline emissions calculations and sector target setting will continue to evolve as we expect our 
access to quality data to increase. We plan to continue progressing through our Net Zero Plan for the 
Auto Manufacturing, Commercial Real Estate, Steel and Thermal Coal Mining sectors; notably, developing 
strategies to achieve our targets and beginning reporting and verification of our progress. In 2023-2024, 
we intend to assess the materiality to calculate baselines and set targets for our remaining sectors, 
including Agriculture6, Aluminum, Aviation, Cement, and Shipping.
6 Assessment of the Agriculture sector will take into account the impact of food security considerations as well as social impacts. 
24 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
 
Net Zero Plan – Energy and Power Update  
The first step in the implementation of our Net Zero Plan for the Energy and Power sectors has been to 
increase engagement with our clients to better understand their emissions profile and transition plans, a 
process that we anticipate will continue through the end of 2023. Last year , we began extensive efforts to 
review our Energy and Power client base, collect available emissions data, establish a baseline for financed 
emissions for these two sectors and set a series of goals to reduce our financed emissions footprint by 
2030. Our initial focus consists of engaging with our clients across a broad range of key considerations 
including: GHG emissions (as disclosed or via third-party estimations where not disclosed), GHG emissions 
reduction targets, climate risk scoring, decarbonization/transition plans and other considerations.
Emissions Data Lag  
The quality and availability of climate-related data continues to be a significant challenge. At the 
time of the analysis disclosed in this report, the data available for calculating financed emissions 
and emissions intensity and measuring progress was nearly two years old, given the availability 
of the data at the time. For example, the 2030 targets and baselines set for new sectors — Auto 
Manufacturing, Commercial Real Estate, Steel and Thermal Coal Mining — were developed using 2020 
emissions data, which given corporate reporting timelines was the most recent data available at 
the time we began the analysis. We also used 2020 emissions data for this year’s annual reporting 
on Energy and Power portfolios. Our data team is working with leading aggregation vendors of 
corporate disclosure on environmental metrics; however , the lag on reporting and collection remains 
difficult to address. Therefore, we currently face a data mismatch — we are using 2021 financial data 
to represent our credit exposure and the clients’ financials, but are pairing that with 2020 emissions. 
We hope that emissions data will continue to improve and that the data lag will diminish as disclosure 
regimes evolve. 
Given the current data availability lag across relevant sectors, we have used 2020 emissions data 
across our calculations for consistency purposes, except for the project finance portfolio, where we are 
fully estimating emissions based on 2021 project production data. Given the current data availability 
lag, it is possible that our progress against our targets will be similarly delayed, potentially delaying our 
confirmation of any progress against such targets.  
Citi plans to undertake reviews of our targets after five years. We will continue to be transparent about 
the impacts of the data lag while moving forward with our climate commitments, notwithstanding this 
constraint. We believe that increased attention to climate disclosure, including mandatory disclosure in 
many jurisdictions, will ultimately reduce the data lag, enabling our reported results to be more timely 
and reflect current progress.
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 25
Achieving 2030 Targets  
Below, we provide an update to our timeline indicating the steps we are taking to achieve our 2030 targets, 
including the new sectors.   
1 Refer to page 30 for further details on the Net Zero Review Template and page 41 for further details on the CRAS. 
2 New sectors include: Auto Manufacturing, Commercial Real Estate, Steel and Thermal Coal Mining.
H1  
2022
H2  
2022
H1  
2023
H2  
2023
H1  
2024
 
...H2  
2024
Assess targets for Agriculture, Aluminum,  
Aviation, Cement and Shipping loan portfolios
Initiate facilitated emissions calculations  
for sectoral capital markets portfolios  
once PCAF methodology is finalized; target 
setting will be considered subsequently
Complete initial two-year client engagement  
and assessment process for Energy and Power
Roll out Net Zero Review Template for additional 
sectors, as 2030 targets are set1
Client engagement and assessment  
process for the four new sectors2
Assess climate risk exposure across our  
lending portfolios and review client 
decarbonization and transition progress
Review and, as needed, update risk appetite 
thresholds
Review and update ESRM Policy sectoral 
approaches as needed
Roll out Climate Risk Assessment & Scorecard 
(CRAS) for additional sectors1 
Support existing and new clean technologies 
to accelerate commercialization
Transition advisory and finance, including 
debt and equity underwriting and lending
Active portfolio analysis and management 
to align with net zero targets including 
consideration of client transition plans 
Support enabling public policy and regulation in 
the U.S. and other countries where relevant
Net Zero Metrics and Target Setting
Client Engagement and Assessment
Risk Management
Climate Advisory and Transition Finance
Portfolio Management
Public Policy and Regulatory Engagement
Rollout Ongoing
Rollout Ongoing
Ongoing
Ongoing Assessment
2030
AUTO 
MANUFACTURING
31% reduction 
emissions  
intensity  
(106 g CO2e/km)
COMMERCIAL  
REAL ESTATE
41% reduction 
emissions  
intensity  
(36 kg CO2e/m2)
ENERGY
29% reduction  
absolute  
emissions  
(102.1 million  
mt CO2e)
POWER
63% reduction 
emissions  
intensity  
(115 kg  
CO2e/MWh)
STEEL
SSP Climate  
Alignment  
Score = 0
THERMAL  
COAL MINING
90% reduction 
absolute  
emissions (793 
thousand mt CO2e)
26 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
A Note on Our Progress Toward 2030 Targets  
Climate-related data and methodologies continue to evolve and improve. For data from 2019 to 
2020, the most recent emissions data available at the time of our analysis for our 2020 and 2021 
financed emissions footprints, Citi found that more companies reported their climate-related data 
(for example, Scope 1 and 2 emissions data disclosure in our Energy portfolio increased 2% by 
exposure). This has resulted in improved PCAF data quality scores for Energy and Power financed 
emissions from 2020 to 2021. As more clients directly reported their emissions, we were able to 
reduce the number of estimates we utilize when calculating our emissions metrics; our scores 
are higher as disclosures and verified data become available. However , climate-related reporting 
continues to fall short of the necessary quality, quantity and consistency to permit comparability 
across clients, industries and sectors, which underscores the necessity of client-level engagement. 
With respect to financed emissions, a number of important variables create year-to-year volatility 
in reported figures and distort meaningful analyses of client decarbonization progress. These can 
include equity market volatility, transitory spikes or falls at year-end in committed client capital, 
data transitioning from estimates to reported actuals and a client’s own reporting consistency or 
cadence. An example includes material equity market value fluctuations in the enterprise value of 
public companies, which may impact Enterprise Value Including Cash (EVIC), and subsequently, the 
results of PCAF calculations.
We believe, therefore, that our stakeholders should assess our progress using a number of metrics. 
This includes PCAF financed emissions calculated with committed funds, normalized PCAF results 
that control for EVIC fluctuations, and physical intensity, financial intensity and data quality scores, 
among others. However , we also expect that as these challenges are systemically addressed and data 
gaps are closed, the year on year metrics will become more meaningful to determining progress. Our 
financed emissions data for the various sectors are disclosed in the “Metrics & Targets” section of 
this report. 
Carbon Credits   
Citi intends to meet our 2030 financed emissions targets through real reductions in financed 
emissions. Our priority is to help our clients as they seek to reduce emissions. We do not plan to 
purchase carbon credits ourselves to reach our interim targets. However , we recognize that some 
activities, such as agricultural and industrial processes and energy-related activities, may not 
achieve absolute zero emissions by 2050. These industries provide products and services that are 
important to society and are likely to remain relevant in the future. In these instances, we intend to 
focus on credits that are additional, certified and restricted to carbon removals. Currently, however , 
removal technology remains largely limited and costly and therefore, cannot be relied on as an 
alternative to cross-sector emissions reductions. The market for nature-based removal credits is 
somewhat more developed, and we see important co-benefits to biodiversity and emerging markets 
development as this market grows. 
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 27
Climate Opportunities  
Sustainable Finance  
In April 2021, Citi established its $1 Trillion Sustainable Finance by 2030 Commitment, comprising of 
environmental and social criteria. Our commitment aligns with the agenda of the UN SDGs, including 
affordable and clean energy through investment in industries, companies and technologies that will ensure 
the transition to a low-carbon economy. The environmental criteria within the goal are intended to support 
innovation and collective action through the financing and facilitation of a wide array of climate solutions, 
such as renewable energy, clean technology, water conservation and sustainable transportation and social 
criteria such as affordable housing, economic inclusion, food security and healthcare. For further detail on 
our $1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Commitment, please see the “Metrics & Targets” section of this Report.
Clean Energy Transition  
To address the needs of clients involved in energy transition and sustainability, Citi has established a 
dedicated Clean Energy Transition (CET) group. CET offers the suite of Citi’s corporate and investment 
banking products and services to help companies involved in energy transition execute on their business 
plans and achieve scale. CET is part of Citi’s Natural Resources & Clean Energy Transition (NRCET) group 
that also houses Citi’s Energy, Power and Chemicals teams that focus on advising corporate clients on 
strategic matters including energy transition. 
Related to our focus on new climate technology opportunities, Citi has acted as an agent and/or advisor 
in capital raising for early stage and growth companies. Citi has significant experience in the advisory and 
capital raising space with respect to the energy transition in the form of private raises for this purpose. For 
example, Citi has helped raise $3 billion in capital for companies in this market during 2022.
For our operational emissions, we remain firmly focused on our 2030 emissions reduction goal. 
We also recognize the potential of the voluntary carbon markets to support clean technology and 
nature. We intend to begin purchasing voluntary credits to match our Scope 1 GHG emissions for 
2022 and beyond. These credits are being purchased to complement our 100% renewable electricity 
commitment, which we have met by purchasing renewable electricity attributes, where feasible, in 
the country where the electricity is used by facilities. Where it is not feasible to source renewable 
electricity within country, we are purchasing an equivalent amount of renewable electricity in 
regionally aligned markets to further support renewable electricity markets. We will continue to 
evaluate the availability of removal credits to offset any remaining emissions as we near our 2030 
operational target.
28 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Clean Energy Tech & Meeting Energy Demands  
We believe that, in some circles, the net zero dialogue has focused too much on driving down 
emissions from high-carbon sectors, such as Oil and Gas, and not enough on the climate technology 
solutions that will be required to reduce emissions while continuing to extend access to energy and 
to support emerging markets. It is clear from 1.5°C climate scenarios that, in order to drive down 
emissions, we will need to electrify vast segments of our economy, such as transportation and the 
heating and cooling of our homes. Improving energy efficiency will also be essential. Electric vehicles 
will need to be the dominant type of new vehicle sold by approximately 2030. By 2050, electricity 
will need to be predominantly renewable, such as wind and solar , and nuclear power will also be 
important. And, finally, there will be a growing market and need for sustainable fuels, hydrogen and 
carbon capture, utilization and sequestration (CCUS). Transition of the energy sector is not just about 
reducing emissions, but meeting energy demands of today and tomorrow. 
The Effect of the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act on Citi’s Finance Activities
In August 2022, the U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act (“IRA”), which allocates $369 billion to 
spur investment in businesses and technologies that will facilitate and accelerate decarbonization. 
In addition to extending tax credits for renewable energy development, this major piece of climate 
legislation introduces new tax credits and incentives to support: energy storage; electrification of 
transportation; building electrification and energy efficiency; domestically produced renewables 
equipment; low-carbon hydrogen; carbon capture utilization and storage; methane emissions 
reduction; bio-fuels; and nuclear power . This Act represents unequivocal prioritization and 
increased momentum for emissions mitigation and reduction technologies. Citi is closely following 
the implementation of the IRA and recognizes it could allow more clients to access tax incentives 
than have historically been able to do so. We are evaluating financing opportunities as guidance 
becomes available with the objective of assisting our clients and accelerating the transition to a 
low-carbon economy.
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 29
Examples of Client Engagements in 2022
esVolta
Generate Capital, PBC (“Generate”), a leading sustainable infrastructure company that owns and 
operates more than 2,000 assets globally, announced its acquisition of esVolta, a leading developer , 
owner and operator of utility-scale battery storage projects around North America. Citi served as 
sole financial advisor to esVolta and ran a competitive sales process for them in a record acquisition 
year for battery storage companies. esVolta’s portfolio includes over 1 GWh of operational and utility-
contracted projects in the U.S. and Canada and has additional energy storage projects including 
across Arizona, California, Colorado, Montana, New Mexico, Texas and Washington in its development 
horizon. By adding a growing team of experts with a pipeline of attractive projects, this acquisition 
enables Generate to expand into the market of large-scale battery storage projects that support the 
power grid.
GIC Private Ltd.
In April 2022, GIC Private Ltd. (“GIC”) agreed to invest and co-lead the private capital raise for 
Climeworks AG, one of the most advanced and pioneering industry players in direct air capture 
(“DAC”) technology. GIC is a leading global investment firm established in 1981 to secure Singapore’s 
financial future and serves as the manager of Singapore’s foreign reserves. Climeworks builds 
and operates DAC facilities, which capture CO2 directly from the air and store it permanently 
underground. Climeworks operates the world’s first and only commercial-scale DAC plant, in 
Iceland. With total proceeds of CHF 600 million ($650 million USD) raised, the investment supports 
Climeworks with the capital to unlock the next phase of its growth, scaling direct air capture up to 
multi-million-ton capacity and implementing large-scale facilities. Citi served as the sole financial 
advisor to GIC on this capital raise.
30 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Engagement  
We work with new and existing clients across varying stages of transformation in their strategies and goals 
as they navigate the transition to a low-carbon economy. When we issued our 2021 TCFD Report, which 
included our initial net zero targets, we spent significant time explaining our methodology to clients and 
how we intend to engage with them. Many of our clients are still in the initial phases of establishing and 
meeting their decarbonization goals, although we continue to be impressed with many of their unique and 
creative decarbonization strategies that are optimized for their distinct business models. 
One of our ongoing engagement priorities is to identify clients with high emissions footprints and engage 
in discussions on climate strategy, such as emissions reductions plans. To aid our engagement efforts, we 
have developed a Net Zero Review Template to pull together information on our clients’ profiles (see below).  
Our conversations related to the Template, are only the jumping-off point for further engagement, strategic 
dialogue and the delivery of Citi’s capabilities to help empower clients in achieving their goals. 
Citi is also engaging with those clients who are not yet disclosing their own emissions and encouraging 
them to start doing so. Disclosure of emissions will be needed to understand our clients’ current emissions 
profiles and transition opportunities and to inform future business decisions.
Net Zero Review Template   
In 2022, we began piloting a Net Zero Review Template. Corporate clients with material emissions relative 
to our baseline in the Energy and Power sectors are reviewed, with a conclusion as to the strength of their 
transition plan. Where we identify clients that have important gaps, our intent is to work with them on their 
own transition strategies.
The Template shares some of the same inputs as the Climate Risk Assessment & Scorecard (CRAS) 
(described further on page 41), including absolute emissions and emissions intensity data as well as 
disclosed targets. The Template also includes the climate score output from the CRAS. The Template 
includes questions on a company’s decarbonization plan, including factors such as governance, scope 
(what emissions categories are included), capital expenditure plans and asset retirement schedules (where 
available/applicable), among others. 
We plan to have Net Zero Review Templates for additional sectors as interim net zero targets are set. We 
also plan to track client progress once baselines per sector are established. A sample of the considerations 
within the Template are provided below, but we expect that the Template may be further refined after the 
pilot stage.
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 31
 
Biodiversity  
In last year’s report, we highlighted some of the issues intersecting climate including biodiversity and nature. 
Citi remains committed to expanding our understanding of the dynamics between climate and biodiversity 
and, to that end, engaged in the early development process for the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial 
Disclosures (TNFD) as a member of the initial Informal Working Group. We now serve as a member of the 
TNFD Forum. Citi has closely reviewed biodiversity risks and impacts under our ESRM Policy since its 2003 
inception, first focusing on project-related financing and later adding sector-wide reviews to evaluate 
alignment with international standards in management practices to avoid, minimize and mitigate potential 
biodiversity impacts.
Citi’s Global Data Insights (CGDI) team has also been exploring the biodiversity data landscape and has 
begun to consider how we can integrate such information across our business. The CGDI team has been 
accepted as part of TNFD’s Data Catalyst Group, which was launched in July 2022 to convene market 
participants with high-quality, trusted data on biodiversity risks to respond to the lack of adequate, 
decision-useful biodiversity data. 
Net Zero Review Template Summary: Inputs and Considerations
Business Metrics r  Revenues, returns and historical client relationship
r  Future business opportunities
Company Decarbonization Plan r  Stated decarbonization plan or strategy
r  Targets applicable to sector , target years and coverage (Scope 1, 2 and 3)
r  Governance, including Board oversight and ties to remuneration
r  Assessment of strengths and weaknesses of transition plan
Emissions Data r  Scope 1, 2 and 3 absolute emissions and emissions intensity
r  PCAF data quality score (indicating the extent to which emissions are  
        disclosed or need to be estimated)
r  Emissions assurance status
Output from Climate Risk 
Assessment Scorecard
r  Overall score and score breakdown
Capital Expenditures r  Insight regarding capex allocated towards transition and towards  
        traditional businesses
Other Considerations r  Emerging markets presence
r  State-owned enterprise
r  Energy security factors
r  External benchmarks
Citi Net Zero Metrics 
(Sector-Specific)
r  Attributed absolute emissions, emissions intensity and climate  
        alignment score for relevant sectors
Output Assessment of strengths and weaknesses incorporating perspectives from 
client engagement
32 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Avoiding Deforestation   
An important part of the intersection between climate and biodiversity is avoiding deforestation. To 
that end, Citi remains committed to our long-standing ESRM Policy, which, since inception, has included 
a commitment to not engage with companies known to be in violation of local or national forestry and 
logging laws. We require our forestry clients operating in tropical forests to be members of the Forest 
Stewardship Council (FSC) and to pursue FSC certification (an assurance that products come from forests 
that are responsibly managed, providing social, economic and environmental benefits). This also includes 
the establishment of management systems consistent with the principles of No Deforestation, No Peat and 
No Exploitation (NDPE). We annually review our forestry clients to confirm their ongoing commitment to 
these principles.
Citi is also a member of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) and requires all downstream palm 
oil clients (processors and traders) to become members of the RSPO. These clients must commit to a time-
bound action plan to achieve 100% RSPO certification within three to five years of becoming a Citi client. 
Citi’s ESRM team monitors progress annually on alignment with RSPO principles and criteria to ensure 
palm oil clients’ operations are consistent with the principle of NDPE. We evaluate our clients’ identification 
and preservation of high conservation areas (including peatlands and high carbon stock forests) and 
implementation of best practice fire prevention to avoid causes of deforestation.
In early 2023 Citi updated its ESRM Policy to incorporate additional sector-specific requirements for clients 
active in soy and beef production in or sourcing from sensitive ecoregions of Latin America. Soy clients 
that are identified as producing in or sourcing from the above ecoregions will be reviewed for membership 
and certification with the Roundtable on Responsible Soy (RTRS). Beef clients that are identified as 
producing in or sourcing from the above ecoregions will be reviewed for clear policies and management 
plans that demonstrate commitments to 100% traceability of their supply chain in sensitive ecoregions, in 
alignment with the Accountability Framework — a toolkit based on international norms and industry best 
practice for companies to prevent deforestation driven by the production of agricultural commodities, 
including livestock, in their operations and supply chains.
Climate-Related Data   
One of the many challenges Citi and other companies face in developing and implementing net zero 
plans concerns the availability and quality of data, both of which present major limitations. Although it 
is necessary for us to utilize imperfect information in the implementation of our Net Zero Plan, given 
the urgency of climate change, we continue to advance our data improvement work with the intention of 
incorporating additional insights from such data and analyses as they become available. 
Climate Data Utility   
One aspect of our data improvement work is to build an internal, central data hub of climate-related 
data. As part of our firmwide climate strategy, the central data hub will support various needs across our 
businesses, such as climate stress testing, PCAF calculations and credit risk processes. To aid our efforts, 
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 33
we utilize software that connects to an external transition risk model and a data assimilation tool that 
includes data from a range of leading vendors. 
Additionally, Citi has developed a broader “ESG Insight Platform,” which is a database of over 6,000 
public companies’ ESG profiles, aggregated from third-party data providers, designed to make robust and 
consistent data available across the firm. 
Data Governance   
Citi is implementing a number of data governance processes to support our retail and corporate 
businesses. These are being led by various working groups, including the Climate Data and Analytics 
Working Group. This group brings together colleagues from across the firm who have business 
requirements or responsibilities for climate data and analytics and serves as a forum to share ideas 
or collaborate on these issues. The CGDI team provides the Working Group with regular updates on 
the developments of our climate data hub design, data sourcing for sectors in the context of financed 
emissions calculations, as well as transition risk and physical risk model vendor evaluations. The CGDI team 
also owns the primary data governance of all inbound and ingested environmental data, and this is guided 
by the enterprise-wide data standards.
Climate Policy and Regulatory Engagement   
Constructive engagement with the public sector is one of our Net Zero Transition Principles, as we know 
that achieving net zero will also require public policy and technology solutions. We continue to engage 
with regulators and policymakers — locally, nationally and internationally — to further efforts regarding 
climate policy and regulation. In 2022, Citi’s climate-related engagement priorities in the U.S. included 
the SEC proposed climate disclosure rule, for which Citi submitted a comment letter to the SEC (see page 
36), the tax incentives for climate solutions included in the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and the Inflation 
Reduction Act; proposed principles for the risk management of climate-related financial risks issued by 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) and by U.S. regulators, for which Citi submitted a 
comment letter to the BCBS; and global harmonization of climate-related disclosure regulation. Citi is also 
a member of trade and business associations that may lobby on different issues, including climate change, 
but these associations do not necessarily not necessarily represent Citi’s positions on every issue. Below is 
a summary of certain trade and business associations that Citi is a member of, and how Citi has engaged 
with them on climate-related issues.
34 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
CLIMATE-RELATED ENGAGEMENT WITH TRADE ASSOCIATIONS
Trade  
Association About Climate Change Position
Areas of Influence  
and Alignment 
Business 
Roundtable 
(BRT)
A non-profit association, 
members of which are the 
CEOs of major U.S. companies 
working to promote a thriving 
economy in the U.S. and 
expanding opportunity for 
all Americans through public 
policy.
Promotes policies to ensure 
sustainable, reliable and 
affordable energy while 
addressing climate change 
and maintaining a healthy 
environment. Business 
Roundtable believes that to 
avoid the worst impacts of 
climate change, the world 
must work together to limit 
global temperature rise this 
century to well below 2 degrees 
Celsius above preindustrial 
levels, consistent with the 
Paris Agreement. In the U.S., 
the Roundtable supports a 
comprehensive, coordinated 
and market-based approach 
that includes a price on carbon 
to reduce emissions. 
Citi’s CEO is a member of 
BRT’s Board of Directors. In 
addition, Citi is a member of 
BRT’s Energy and Environment 
Coordinating Committee and 
has engaged on its Addressing 
Climate Change position 
statement and its climate policy 
and regulatory positioning.
Bank Policy 
Institute 
(BPI)
A nonpartisan public policy, 
research and advocacy group 
representing the nation’s 
leading banks. Members include 
universal banks, regional banks 
and major foreign banks doing 
business in the U.S. BPI aims 
to shape policy to allow the 
nation’s leading banks to best 
serve their customers and fulfill 
their vital economic role while 
holding sufficient capital and 
liquidity to ensure that the risks 
they take are borne by their 
shareholders and creditors, not 
the taxpayer .
Where appropriate, participates 
in the development of 
multisectoral regulatory 
responses to identify 
and manage the possible 
manifestations of physical- 
and transition-related risks 
of climate change on banks’ 
businesses and operations.
Citi is a member of BPI’s Climate 
Working Group and has engaged 
on BPI’s position on the SEC 
proposed climate disclosure 
rule, climate-related financial 
risk and climate scenario 
analysis.
Financial 
Services 
Forum
An economic policy and 
advocacy organization whose 
members are the CEOs of 
the eight largest and most 
diversified financial institutions 
headquartered in the U.S. 
The Financial Services Forum 
promotes policies that support 
savings and investment, 
financial inclusion, deep 
and liquid capital markets, a 
competitive global marketplace 
and a sound financial system. 
Forum members recognize 
that climate change poses 
risks to the global economy 
and advocate for appropriate 
policies and international 
cooperation to ensure that 
climate-related policies and 
regulations related to the 
financial industry are based 
on science, risk and sound 
methodologies.
Citi is a member of the Climate 
Risk Working Group and 
provided input for its position 
on climate disclosure regulation.  
 
continued on next page
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 35
Trade  
Association About Climate Change Position
Areas of Influence  
and Alignment 
Global 
Financial 
Markets 
Associated 
(GFMA) and 
affiliates 
SIFMA, 
AFME, 
ASIFMA
The GFMA brings together three 
of the world’s leading capital 
markets trade associations, 
AFME, ASIFMA and SIFMA, to 
provide a forum for the largest 
globally active financial and 
capital market participants 
to develop standards to 
improve the coherence and 
interaction of cross-border 
financial regulation. GFMA 
aims to improve functioning 
of global capital markets to 
support global economic 
growth and advocates for 
policies that promote efficient 
cross-border capital flows to 
end-users. AFME advocates for 
deep and integrated European 
capital markets which serve 
the needs of companies and 
investors, supporting economic 
growth and benefiting society. 
ASIFMA advocates for stable, 
competitive and efficient 
Asian capital markets that 
are necessary to support the 
region’s economic growth. 
SIFMA advocates for legislation, 
regulation and business policy, 
affecting retail and institutional 
investors, equity and fixed 
income markets and related 
products and services. 
Related to their climate finance 
position, GFMA and each of the 
regional bodies have published 
research and engaged with 
policymakers and the regulatory 
community to advocate for 
sustainable finance policies 
and solutions that support the 
financial services industry’s role 
in the transition to a low-carbon 
economy. 
Citi currently holds the Chair 
of the GFMA. Citi participates 
in sustainable finance working 
groups related to regional and 
global regulatory developments 
on topics including global 
taxonomy developments, 
climate finance, voluntary 
carbon markets and climate risk 
management.
Institute of 
International 
Finance 
(IIF)
A global financial industry 
association with over 400 
members from more than 60 
countries with the mission to 
support the industry through 
risk management, development 
of sound industry practices 
and advocacy for regulatory 
financial and economic policies 
in the interests of its members, 
global financial stability and 
sustainable economic growth.  
A key focus for the IIF is public-
private sector dialogue.
Actively supports the financial 
industry as it plays a crucial 
role in the transition to a low-
carbon, and ultimately net 
zero, economy. Engages with 
policymakers and the regulatory 
community to advocate for 
sustainable finance policies and 
solutions that are well-aligned 
internationally and prioritize 
prudent risk management, 
global financial stability and 
economic growth. 
Citi’s Chair is on IIF’s Board 
of Directors. Citi is also a 
member of the Sustainable 
Finance Working Group Steering 
Committee, focusing on 
regional and global policy and 
regulatory developments, and 
the harmonization of policies 
and regulations to avoid a 
patchwork of approaches across 
different jurisdictions, which 
can be challenging for global 
institutions like Citi. Citi is 
also engaged on IIF sovereign 
debt policy workstreams that 
support sustainable growth  
and capital flows — key to 
mobilizing private capital for 
climate finance.
continued on next page
36 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Over the last year , Citi has engaged with a number of regulators to discuss climate strategy and regulatory 
approaches/developments, including several informal discussions with the SEC regarding net zero 
commitments and the importance of reliable and quality data.
SEC Proposed Rule on Climate-Related Disclosures  
In March 2022, the SEC released a proposed rule — The Enhancement and Standardization of Climate-
Related Disclosures for Investors — that would require registrants to include certain climate-related 
information in SEC filings. Citi would be subject to the proposed rule. 
We provided comments on the proposed rule, showing support for the overall goal of providing 
Trade  
Association About Climate Change Position
Areas of Influence  
and Alignment 
U.K. 
Finance
(UKF) 
Represents 300 firms across 
the banking and finance 
industry to promote safety, 
transparency and innovation 
within the industry. Offers 
research, policy expertise, 
thought leadership and 
advocacy in support of their 
work.
A longstanding proponent of 
climate responsibility being 
brought into the mainstream 
of the management and 
supervision of banking and 
finance. Delivering the Net Zero 
Transition is a Board-agreed 
priority for the organization. A 
“supporting institution” of the 
NZBA, U.K. Finance provides 
advocacy support, knowledge-
sharing and training for banking 
and finance firms, embedding 
climate responsibility into 
their governance and strategy 
in support of whole economy 
transition to Net Zero by 2050 
and supports the establishment 
of clear definitions on ESG 
reporting within a globally 
aligned framework.
Citi is a member of UKF’s 
Sustainability Committee, which 
oversees its policy work related 
to sustainability disclosure, 
product labeling, green finance 
and climate change. 
U.S. 
Chamber of 
Commerce 
The largest lobbying group 
in the U.S. with members 
ranging from small businesses 
and chambers of commerce 
across the country to leading 
industry associations and global 
corporations. Advocates for 
policies that help businesses 
create jobs and grow the U.S. 
economy. 
The Chamber updated its 
Climate Change Position 
in 2021, asserting that the 
climate is changing, humans 
are contributing to these 
changes and inaction is not an 
option. The Chamber supports 
market-based solutions to 
reduce emissions and support 
U.S. competitiveness, national 
security and American workers, 
and also supported the Biden 
administration’s decision 
to rejoin the Paris Climate 
Agreement.
Citi participates in the Task 
Force on Climate Actions and 
Center for Capital Markets 
Competitiveness. Citi also 
helped form an informal Climate 
Solutions Working Group of 
Chamber members who are 
climate leaders and want to 
engage collectively with the 
Chamber to discuss where its 
climate policy and litigation 
activities are not aligned with 
members’ positions.
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 37
Challenges Faced   
It has been nearly two years since we first announced our net zero commitments, and we are continually 
facing new and different challenges as we advance our climate strategy and Net Zero Plan. In 2021, we 
identified the following challenges:
 • The availability and quality of data  Much of the raw data we use in our analyses is based on 
estimated or unverified figures. Citi remains committed to advancing our data quality in parallel 
with our decarbonization efforts and is engaged with the leading data vendors and industry groups 
to try to improve overall data quality. The lag in third-party disclosure of climate data also continues 
to be a challenge, as it can significantly lag typical financial reporting information and disclosures. 
 • The translation of targets into processes to guide our financing and other business operations to 
consistent, comparable and reliable decision-useful climate disclosures. Additionally, we noted 
our support for leveraging existing voluntary disclosure frameworks, particularly the TCFD 
recommendations, alongside the inclusion of GHG emissions reporting requirements for Scopes 1 
and 2 and, where material or part of a registrant’s specific emissions reduction targets, Scope 3, with 
appropriate safe harbor provisions.
Our comments also identified four areas of concern with the proposed rule and offered suggestions, 
based on our experiences, to make the final rule more decision-useful for investors and, importantly, 
workable and effective for issuers to implement. These four areas were:
1. Timing: We asked the SEC to provide an extended and staggered timeline for implementation 
of the final rule’s requirements, to allow for the significant operational readiness necessary 
for compliance. We also sought a push back of the adoption timeline for reporting Scope 3 
disclosures, due to industry-wide concerns about data quality and the climate data lag.
2. Materiality Thresholds: We recommended that the SEC consider removing the line-by-line 
disclosures of the proposed requirements under Regulation S-X and to adopt the established 
materiality criteria currently used for financial reporting.
3. Reporting Clarifications: We asked the SEC to clarify or revise the materiality and 
categorization requirements for Scope 3 reporting and the applicable safe harbor protections. 
4. Other Revisions: We sought clarification from the SEC with respect to the disclosure 
requirements surrounding scenario analysis, Board climate expertise and historical GHG 
emissions reporting. 
A copy of our comment letter can be found here.
38 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
drive towards our targets  We are developing internal processes in several areas, particularly in 
identifying metrics and performance indicators to assess our clients’ transition progress as well 
as our own related progress in achieving the targets in our Net Zero Plan, while simultaneously 
managing our level of risk and returns on our portfolios. 
 • The transition obstacles faced by developing countries are often more complex  Less robust 
socioeconomic institutional capacity constrains implementation of low-carbon transition pathways 
across emerging markets. Such obstacles include, for example, poor , inconsistent and delayed 
data as well as less developed regulatory schemes for the monitoring and reporting of emissions. 
This challenge is compounded by the lack of global regulatory and policy alignment on climate 
and other sustainability matters. Finally, developing countries often have more limited capacity 
to transition due to unequal and challenged access to climate finance. They also frequently lack 
the investment capital necessary to fund adaptation and mitigation solutions, including renewable 
energy and technology-driven clean energy alternatives.
Challenges regarding the availability and quality of climate-related data are more evident as we set targets 
for additional sectors, given the disparity of data quality and quantity across different sectors. Given our 
reliance on data that is based on estimated or unverified figures, precision is difficult, and this creates 
challenges for many of our climate-related activities, from scenario analysis to tracking progress towards 
our financed emissions targets. However , as the availability and quality of data improves, we will review and 
update our Net Zero Plan and remain as transparent as possible with respect to this evolving landscape.
Current geopolitical events have underscored the fact that the energy transition is unlikely to be smooth 
and linear . The Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 resulted in volatile energy markets and 
widespread focus on energy security concerns and reliance on fossil fuels. At Citi, as our clients respond 
to the current energy market, we understand that our transition plans may need to adapt to accommodate 
energy security and access to energy needs, while also facilitating the transition to clean energy. For 
example, actions aimed at ensuring global energy supply could mean the financed emissions footprint in 
our portfolio may grow before it shrinks. Our net zero strategy prioritizes the focus we place on creating a 
responsible transition, and addressing these needs is not mutually exclusive. 
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 39
We continue to consider and integrate climate-related matters into our overarching risk management 
framework and processes and, to that end, collect and analyze relevant data to support this effort. Over 
the past year , Citi has continued to develop tools to assess climate risk and engage our clients with respect 
to climate risk and transition plans. We have also continued building risk identification, management and 
scenario analysis capabilities.
 Climate Risk Management Framework   
This year , we concluded the development of our Climate Risk Management Framework (CRMF). The CRMF 
is designed to promote a globally consistent approach to managing climate risk across Citi. The CRMF 
details the governance, roles and responsibilities and principles to support the identification, measurement, 
monitoring, controlling and reporting of climate risks. The CRMF is progressively being embedded into 
business-as-usual risk management processes across the bank as well as relevant policies and standards. It 
is expected the CRMF will evolve over time to reflect new tools and processes as well as industry standards 
and best practices in climate risk management. 
Refining Risk Identification and Understanding Risk Exposure   
Citi continues to enhance its focus on climate risk driven by the increasing significance of strategic, 
reputational and financial risk considerations, including embedding these considerations into Citi’s 
overarching risk management approach. 
Citi continues to view climate risk as a crosscutting risk under our Enterprise Risk Management Framework, 
which can manifest in each of the risk categories in our risk taxonomy. Citi will continue to review this risk 
designation as we develop our climate risk management approach. The table below indicates the impacts 
that climate risk drivers can have on our key risk categories. 
Citi has developed an internal risk identification process in which it quarterly evaluates its top risks, which 
are defined as risks that have the potential to produce an impact large enough to threaten Citi’s ability to 
maintain any of its core operations to serve its customers, Citi’s earnings, liquidity, capital, or operating 
model, or Citigroup’s or Citibank NA’s risk profile. Climate risk was recently designated as a top risk through 
this process. In light of the variable nature of this process, however , we may not report on this internal 
classification on a forward basis but will continue to enhance our disclosure on how we manage our risk 
and the areas that present the most significant climate risk in future TCFD reports.
 
Risk Management 
 
PART 4
40 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Risk  
Category Definition Climate Drivers
Credit Risk of loss resulting from the decline 
in credit quality (or downgrade risk) 
or failure of a borrower , counterparty, 
third party or issuer to honor its 
financial or contractual obligations
Climate drivers can have an impact on an obligor’s business 
model, sources of income/revenue, spend/cost and value of 
assets, resulting in the reduced ability to pay and value of 
the collateral as well as increase in the utilization of credit 
facilities
Market Risk of loss arising from changes in 
the value of Citi’s assets and liabilities 
or reduced net interest revenues 
resulting from changes in market 
variables, such as interest rates, 
exchange rates, equity and commodity 
prices or credit spreads
Climate drivers, or change in expectation of drivers, can 
result in a change in market value of the bank’s held to 
maturity investments, or an increase in the volatility of 
market variables including interest rates, FX rates, equity 
and commodity prices and credit spreads, which can result 
in losses
Liquidity Risk that the firm will not be able to 
efficiently meet both expected and 
unexpected current and future cash 
flow and collateral needs without 
adversely affecting either daily 
operations or financial conditions of 
the firm
Climate drivers can trigger unexpected demand for funds 
by counterparties/customers to fund their obligations, 
a reduction in the value of assets owned by the bank or 
limitations on the bank’s ability to roll its debt, affecting the 
bank’s ability to meet both expected and unexpected current 
and future cash flow and collateral needs 
Strategic Risks to current or anticipated 
earnings, capital or franchise or 
enterprise value arising from poor , 
but authorized business decisions 
(in compliance with regulations, 
policies and procedures), an inability 
to adapt to changes in the operating 
environment (e.g., economic, 
regulatory or legislative, competitive), 
or other external factors that may 
impair the ability to carry out a 
business strategy 
Climate drivers can have an impact on the bank’s ecosystem 
(i.e., suppliers, customers, competitors, investors and society) 
through changing economic conditions, regulations, low-
carbon products and preferences and legal action, which can 
lead to the need to make strategic shifts
Operational Risk of loss resulting from inadequate 
or failed internal processes, people and 
systems, or from external events
Climate drivers can affect the bank’s locations (e.g., damage, 
inaccessibility), employees (e.g., productivity, ability to 
commute) or operations of third-party providers resulting in 
disruption of normal business operations. 
Climate drivers can also exacerbate several sub categories 
of operational risk, such as risk oversight errors (e.g., due to 
insufficient understanding of the impact of climate change), 
reporting risk (e.g., due to new reporting requirements, data 
management risk (e.g., due to fragmented data and solution 
providers), model risk (e.g., challenges in validation of 
complex and non-traditional climate models).
Compliance Risk to current or projected financial 
condition and resilience arising from 
violations of laws, rules or regulations, 
or from non-conformance with 
prescribed practices, internal policies 
and procedures or ethical standards
Climate drivers can lead to increased regulatory 
requirements (which increase the potential of non-
compliance) and increased use of external analytics 
providers, which could all result in fines, civil money 
penalties, payment of damages and the voiding of contracts
Reputation Risk to current or projected financial 
condition and resilience arising from 
negative public opinion
Climate drivers can increase reputational risk if Citi is 
perceived not to be meeting, sufficiently progressing or 
providing sufficient transparency on its climate-related 
commitments 
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 41
To deepen our understanding of the sectors or areas of our business that are most sensitive to climate 
risk, we have established a heatmap framework. We have applied our heatmap framework to our corporate 
and public sector portfolios and Citi’s own facilities. Additionally, through client assessments and scenario-
analysis exercises, we continue to identify additional areas of the portfolio that may be more vulnerable to 
climate risks (physical and transition). 
This year , in addition to our sectoral heat map, we expanded our climate risk heatmap to cover our largest 
country exposures for internal use. For transition risk, we reviewed countries’ emissions per capita and 
reliance on fossil fuel industries. For physical risk, we assessed countries’ exposure to acute and chronic 
weather events. Potential mitigants (such as level of human development, government commitments and 
government fiscal space) were also used to weigh the individual climate risk factors. Assessments such as 
these are integral to Citi’s continued climate risk identification efforts.
Climate Risk Assessments    
To help Citi understand the climate risk profiles of our individual corporate clients, we have created a tool 
called the Climate Risk Assessment & Scorecard (CRAS). Our goal is to progressively embed this tool into 
our risk management processes to help inform our decision-making moving forward.
The CRAS was designed to identify the most material climate risks our clients face and the management 
plans in place for adaptation and mitigation of those risks, using both quantitative and qualitative inputs. 
The tool assesses clients’ vulnerability to climate risk, the feasibility of their plans to transition to a low-
carbon environment and the quality of their governance and disclosure. It relies on information disclosed 
by clients, either publicly or privately, as well as output from third-party tools, our own sector heat maps 
and certain climate risk metrics. Points are attributed based on vulnerability and mitigation considerations 
as well as alignment with best practices, and are aggregated into a final climate score. This final score 
captures a company’s degree of vulnerability from climate-related financial risks and the extent of a 
company’s preparedness to mitigate these risks through its strategy, governance and disclosures.
The development of the CRAS has been a joint effort between Risk Management and BCMA and has been 
an iterative process. We have successfully completed pilot programs using the CRAS, focusing on clients in 
the corporate sectors deemed most vulnerable according to our heat maps. We plan to expand the scope to 
additional clients and sectors as we integrate results into underwriting processes.
Results from the CRAS also serve as inputs into the Net Zero Review Template, which Citi is piloting to help 
prioritize engagement with a particular focus on transition opportunities for clients. For more details on 
the Net Zero Review Template, please see page 30.
 
42 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Environmental and Social Risk Management Policy    
Integrating climate risk into our policies and sector standards provides the foundation to consistently 
identify and manage climate-related risks throughout the enterprise. Since 2015, our ESRM Policy has 
addressed the increasing credit risk, stranded asset risk and reputation risk related to declining demand 
for thermal coal mining and coal-fired power . In addition, our early 2023 updates to address the climate-
related impacts from deforestation in the agribusiness sector are discussed in the Biodiversity section of 
this Report. 
Coal Policy   
Our ESRM Policy commitments related to coal-fired power generation have been updated over time as 
the credit and reputational risk related to coal has increased. We have committed not to finance any new 
coal-fired power plants or expansions of existing plants globally, in line with existing regulations in many 
countries such as the U.S., which have prevented new coal-fired capacity being built for many years. 
We have reviewed our coal-fired power clients’ GHG reporting and low-carbon transition plans, including 
commitments to retire existing coal plants. Our analysis considered a combination of client disclosures, 
third-party ESG analysis, CDP disclosures and direct client engagement. This evaluation will continue into 
our net zero engagement and progress towards our 2030 targets. A comprehensive summary of time-
bound milestones for coal-fired power clients through 2040 is available below.
Climate Risk Assessment & Scorecard (CRAS) Components
Emissions Data Scope 1-3 absolute emissions and emissions intensity data, including industry 
averages as applicable
Scenario-Based Inputs Climate scenario-based inputs and emissions performance comparisons 
relative to industry
Transition Risk Drivers Client’s vulnerability to applicable transition risk drivers, including legal and 
regulatory risks and financial capacity 
Physical Risk Drivers Vulnerability to physical risk drivers both acute and chronic
Transition Risk Mitigants Decarbonization targets, net zero commitments and transition plans
Capital Expenditures Capital expenditures allocated to transition
Government Support Available grants, subsidies and regulatory mechanisms to support transition
Physical Risk Mitigants Client’s adaptation measures for physical risk impacts
Governance Senior-level climate-related oversight and ties to remuneration
Transparency Disclosures aligned with TCFD or other recognized frameworks 
Output Overall climate score with individual scores for: 
Vulnerability; Management Mitigation & Adaptation;  
and Governance & Transparency
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 43
We have set targets to phase out Citi’s financing of companies deriving ≥25% of their revenue from thermal 
coal mining. We also established a series of milestones in order to facilitate meeting this goal, including 
reducing our credit exposure to coal mining companies by 50% by the end of 2025 (from a 2020 baseline). 
After 2025, Citi will no longer facilitate capital markets transactions or mergers and acquisition advisory 
and financing for such companies. Citi’s remaining exposure to these companies will be reduced to zero by 
the end of 2030. 
Coal-Fired Power Generation Financing Reduction Commitments
After 2021 Citi will not: After 2025 Citi will: After 2030 Citi will:
• Provide acquisition financing  
or advisory services related to  
coal-fired power plants 
• Onboard new clients with ≥20% of 
power generation from coal-fired 
power plants unless such clients 
meet certain criteria: 
- publicly report GHG emissions 
annually, consistent with the 
GHG Protocol 
- engage with Citi on their low-
carbon transition strategy to 
diversify away from coal-fired 
power generation and align 
with the Paris Agreement 
• Onboard new clients that have 
plans to expand coal-fired power 
generation
• No longer extend capital/provide 
financial services to clients 
without low-carbon transition 
strategies to diversify away from 
coal-fired power and align with 
Paris Agreement decarbonization 
pathways by 2030 (in OECD 
countries) or 2040 (non-OECD 
countries)*
• No longer provide capital/
financial services for clients in 
OECD countries with ≥5% of coal-
fired power generation 
• No longer provide capital/
financial services for clients 
in non-OECD countries unless 
such clients have a low-carbon 
transition strategy designed 
to reduce the share of power 
generation from coal-fired power 
plants to less than 5% by 2040 
 
*Exceptions may be considered if the proposed transaction is being pursued in the context of a low-carbon transition strategy.
Thermal Coal Mining Reduction Commitments 
By December 2025 Citi will: After 2025 Citi will: After 2030 Citi will: 
Reduce our credit exposure to these 
companies* by 50% from a 2020 
baseline)
No longer facilitate capital markets 
transactions or mergers and 
acquisition advisory and financing 
for these companies*
Reduce all remaining exposure to 
these companies* to zero
 
 *Defined as any mining company deriving ≥25% of its revenue from thermal coal mining.
44 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Our net zero target for the Thermal Coal Mining sector builds upon our ESRM Policy on Coal but brings 
more companies in scope for calculating and reporting on our financed emissions. As further detailed in 
the “Strategy” section of this Report, Citi has adjusted the boundary of our net zero target for the Thermal 
Coal Mining sector to include those companies that derive ≥5% of their revenue from thermal coal mining. 
Fossil Fuel Financing  
Currently, fossil fuels are a driver of the global economy and continue to be a major component of 
the world’s energy portfolio. However , meeting global net zero commitments in line with the Paris 
Agreement will require emissions to be drastically reduced during this decade. The expected shift 
away from fossil fuels globally, in pursuit of renewable and alternative energy, will have a significant 
effect on clients in carbon-intensive sectors — including coal mining, power generation and certain 
segments of the energy sector .
The financial services sector can play a significant role helping to enable low-carbon business models. 
As a global bank with exposure to many carbon-intensive segments of the economy, and as a top 
lender to the energy sector in particular , Citi has an opportunity and a responsibility to support our 
clients in their transition. As such, client engagement and transition are a key component of our net 
zero commitment. Our philosophy is to meet our clients where they are and help them identify areas 
where they can decarbonize. We ask our clients: What is your short-term decarbonization and longer-
term transition plan? What is your pathway? What are your metrics? What is your capital expenditure 
strategy, and how are you allocating capital to help transition to a low-carbon business model?
Energy is one sector where transition considerations are particularly complex. Currently, we are seeing 
interesting developments among the largest integrated oil and gas companies, which are investing in 
technologies that leverage their current technical expertise and capabilities, ranging from offshore 
wind development, to biofuels, to hydrogen, to carbon removal technology. Other clients, however , have 
less ability today to branch out from oil and gas production, and instead are focusing on decarbonizing 
their operations. Although we acknowledge that operational Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions are a 
fraction of the Scope 3 GHG emissions from the combustion of oil and gas, we also believe that any 
efforts to decarbonize today, for example by increasing operational efficiency or decreasing methane 
emissions, amount to real GHG emissions reductions and climate benefits, and provide some clients 
with a foothold to make progress and potentially identify further opportunities for decarbonization.
Thermal Coal Mining Exposure 
2020 Baseline Credit Exposure as of YE 2021 Credit Exposure as of YE 2022
$1.091 billion $765 million* 
(30% reduction from baseline)
$ 586 million
(46% reduction from baseline)
 *This figure has been updated as part of a facility-level data review exercise that identified a few facilities that were excluded from the 
originally reported exposure.
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 45
Scenario Analysis   
Citi uses climate risk scenario analysis, including stress testing, to assess the potential impact of climate-
related risk drivers on Citi’s risk profile across a range of plausible climate-related pathways. Climate change 
is expected to have far-reaching systemic impacts in breadth and magnitude, affecting governments, 
businesses and households across all geographies and sectors.
The associated effects are expected to feed through the economy via two principal channels — transition and 
physical risks — which are both characterized by deep uncertainty and non-linearity:
 • Transition Risks arise from the process of adjusting toward a low-carbon economy and encompass 
policy and legal changes, technological changes, and shifting consumer/market sentiment and 
societal preferences and 
 • Physical Risks arise through “acute” weather-related events such as heatwaves, floods, wildfire 
and storms as well as “chronic” or long-term shifts in climate patterns, such as rising sea levels, 
precipitation change, increasing mean temperature and extreme weather variability.  
These risks are generally foreseeable based on prevailing scientific studies but exhibit a high degree of 
uncertainty driven by lack of clarity around the precise outcomes in terms of time horizon/future pathways 
and their associated impact on the valuations of financial assets and borrowers’ creditworthiness. This 
uncertainty elevates scenario analysis as a critical tool to reflect the broad range of possible outcomes and 
model the complex linkages across climate drivers, economic and financial variables, and sector/counterparty-
level responses needed to estimate quantitative impact.   
Design choices for Citi’s internal exploratory exercises to date have largely focused on enabling capacity 
building and setting boundary outcomes (e.g., sudden adoption of an overnight carbon tax) to compare 
against internal capital binding benchmarks. These internal exploratory exercises encompass portfolio-
specific pilots focused on more targeted sectors (e.g., Oil & Gas, Commercial Real Estate) and scaling 
gradually across to Enterprise-wide exercises across all major portfolios. Scenarios have typically included 
more tractable assumptions such as a globally coordinated carbon tax policy and static balance sheet to 
streamline analytical and operational challenges as a trade-off to more plausible and realistic scenarios at 
the outset.  
We also recognize that while there is an imperative for a transition to a low-carbon economy, we must 
be mindful that countries are in different stages of development with different energy and social needs. 
Developing markets should be allowed to grow and develop their economies, and they should have more 
leeway to transition to clean energy than developed markets. There also needs to be more investment 
and innovation to help those economies become part of the clean energy transition. It is critical that 
the low-carbon transition accounts for the priorities for developing countries to increase their access 
to energy, and for workers currently involved in carbon-intensive sectors to continue to maintain their 
livelihoods and receive support to transition and apply their skills to new technologies and/or sectors.
46 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Major regulatory stress tests have been launched in several jurisdictions over recent periods and have 
generally been focused on the most systemically important and sizable institutions within each jurisdiction. 
These stress tests leverage a common set of climate reference scenarios from the Network for Greening 
the Financial System (NGFS) or Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). Citi has met these 
requirements for each of the legal entities deemed in scope, which are comprised of differing portfolios 
based on local business footprint and legal vehicle structure. The delivery of these regulatory exercises 
has further established foundational data, scenario and modeling capabilities, which leverage both external 
and internal analytical platforms.
Initial internal scenario-based exercises have also been more targeted on heatmapping activities to 
enhance targeted physical risk identification across commercial real estate, residential real estate and our 
own facility/third-party operational risk considerations. Future internal exercises will aim to further enrich 
the range of outcomes through higher resolution scenarios, internal modeling infrastructure that tailors 
more to firm-specific climate risks and enhanced data integration to enable more granular risk capture.
This proactive approach towards capability enhancements extends to enhancing risk identification to 
inform more tailored scenario narratives, accelerating internal modelling efforts to decrease vendor 
dependency and establishing centralized data architecture to support overlapping climate data needs 
across the Bank. Below, we include a summary of our key recent scenario analysis exercises.
SUMMARY OF KEY CLIMATE SCENARIO ANAL YSIS EXERCISES
Exercise Initial Pilot 
Analysis
Hong Kong 
Monetary 
Authority 
Stress Test
Other Legal 
Entity 
Exercises
Monetary 
Authority of 
Singapore 
Stress Test
European 
Central Bank 
Stress Test
Enterprise-
Wide Internal 
Stress Test
In-scope 
Portfolios
U.S. CRE, 
Oil & Gas 
Portfolios, 
Own Facilities
Residential 
Mortgages
Corporate 
Loans, 
Broker-Dealer 
Exposures
Wholesale 
& Retail  
lending 
portfolios
Corporate 
Loans
All major 
portfolios
Risk Types 
Assessed
Credit, 
Operational
Credit Credit, 
Counterparty 
Credit, Market, 
Operational
Credit Credit Credit, 
Counterparty 
Credit, 
Market
Climate 
Risks 
Modelled
Transition & 
Physical Risk
Physical Risk Transition & 
Physical Risk
Transition & 
Physical Risk
Transition & 
Physical Risk
Transition 
Risk
Scenarios NGFS, RCP RCP Internal 
Scenario 
(anchored on 
NGFS)
NGFS NGFS, RCP Internal 
Scenario 
(anchored on 
NGFS)
Time 
Horizon
Short & Long 
Term
Short & Long 
Term 
Short Term Long Term Short & Long 
Term
Short Term 
2021 2022
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 47
Climate-Related Operational Risk   
We continue to refine our approach to the identification and management of climate-related operational 
risks. For Citi’s operational footprint, we have evaluated 360 primary Citi locations through IPCC-aligned 
scenarios. This will allow us to better assess, evaluate and manage the potential climate-related physical 
risks to which our operations may be subject.  
As a result of this work, Citi has improved its understanding of the potential risk impacts to its operations 
with considerations for:
1. Incremental Climate Physical Risk Forecast: 
Which geographic locations have the highest future incremental physical risk exposure due to 
climate change (includes both acute and chronic physical risk perils)?
2. Concentration Risk: 
In which locations does Citi have the highest concentrations of business disruption risk, based on 
staff concentrations and high criticality processes?
Citi combines the findings from the concentration risk and incremental climate physical risk forecast to 
generate an inherent risk of business disruption due to climate change mapped against each business 
within the primary locations for Citi facilities. Through this process, Citi is better able to identify the overall 
climate-driven inherent business disruption risk and the level of staff and business process concentration in 
each location.
The highest operational risks were found to be physical damage risk (from both acute and chronic weather 
events) and business disruption and third-party risk (from acute weather events). 
While this exercise is still an initial methodology that may further evolve, these early findings will support 
Citi’s decision making in areas such as our short- and medium-term placement of processes, staff and 
technology infrastructure; policies and standards for high-risk locations; and enhancement of continuity of 
businesses and disaster recovery plans, among others.  
 
 Climate Training   
Achieving our goals and managing risk requires continual learning and development in the climate space. 
Accordingly, we have established a number of initiatives around further training of our workforce across 
the frontline and various functions. These initiatives included the 2021 launch of a foundational Climate 
Risk Training module firmwide and the provision of supplemental presentations and workshops to target 
groups. This training aimed to educate a broader audience on the integration of climate risk considerations 
into our risk management processes. To date, this initial recommended training module has been taken by 
approximately 5,000 employees.
Citi recognizes that climate-related training needs to be tailored to different positions and teams (e.g., risk 
management employees, frontline bankers and industry teams) where the development of subject matter 
48 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
expertise is imperative. Therefore, in 2022, Citi launched two different training pilots that involved virtual 
and in-person workshops for colleagues in banking, risk and global functions. The first training focused 
on foundational knowledge of sustainability and climate science for a cross-business cohort of BCMA 
bankers. The second of these trainings focused on a “deeper dive” in assessing transition plans and client 
engagement, specifically for the Energy and Power portfolios.
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 49
Citi’s climate-related metrics and targets provide quantitative information on our climate strategy and 
performance. In this section we summarize the operational and financial data that support our climate 
strategy and performance, and guides our progress towards our Net Zero Plan and our climate-related goals. 
 
Our $1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Commitment   
The month after we announced our net zero commitment, we also set our $1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal 
for 2030. This commitment is aligned with the UN SDGs, and spans our business offerings and exemplifies 
how our Net Zero Plan is being integrated across Citi. We believe that Citi, as the world’s most global bank, has 
an important role to play in supporting businesses’ transitions toward a more just and sustainable low-carbon 
economy. Our $1 trillion commitment includes environmental and social criteria and is a core component of 
our work to accelerate the transition that supports society’s environmental, social and economic needs. 
 
Metrics & Targets
 
PART 5
50 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
PROGRESS TOWARDS OUR $1 TRILLION SUSTAINABLE FINANCE GOAL COMMITMENT  
($ IN BILLIONS)
1 Following the announcement of the $1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal in 2021, we performed a retroactive review of 2020 
sustainable finance activities using our updated goal criteria, which is reflected in the accounting of environmental and social 
finance activities on this page. 
2 Denotes activities falling under multiple environmental or social criteria, including green or social bond transactions where the 
issuer’s framework comprises multiple eligible categories.  
3 Refers to transactions that met both environmental and social finance criteria. Credit for such transactions were split evenly 
between the environmental and social finance goals. 
4 Figures may not sum to totals due to rounding.
 
 
A description of our environmental and social finance criteria and the applicability of certain exclusionary 
criteria can be found on pages 49 to 50 of our 2021 TCFD Report. For additional details, please see page 27 
of our 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report.
Criteria1 2020 2021 Total %
Circular Economy 0.4 2.1 2.5 1.1%
Clean Technology 0.6 0 0.6 0.3%
Energy Efficiency 1.2 2.5 3.7 1.6%
Green Buildings 1.6 1.4 2.9 1.3%
Renewable Energy 7.0 19.5 26.5 11.9%
Sustainable Agriculture & Land Use 0.2 0 0.2 0.1%
Sustainable Transportation 3.7 46.7 50.4 22.7%
Water Quality & Conservation 1.3 1.6 2.9 1.3%
Environmental: Multiple2 12.9 47.7 60.6 27.3%
Affordable Basic Infrastructure 0.7 0.3 1.0 0.5%
Affordable Housing 10.4 10.6 21.0 9.5%
Diversity & Equity 0.3 0.3 0.6 0.3%
Economic Inclusion 3.9 2.7 6.6 3.0%
Education 4.3 0.9 5.3 2.4%
Healthcare 4.1 1.9 6.0 2.7%
Food Security 0 0 0 0.0%
Social: Multiple2 1.4 4.3 5.7 2.6%
Environmental & Social3 8.5 17.1 25.6 11.5%
Total4 62.4 159.7 222.1 100.0%
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 51
Poseidon Principles 
Citi is a founding signatory of the Poseidon Principles, a global framework to promote decarbonization 
of the international shipping sector , and we have disclosed our climate alignment score since 2019.  Our 
alignment score for 2021 was impacted by our clients’ operational priorities as well as the residual impacts 
of the COVID-19 pandemic, in particular the effect of port congestion and demand in the container sector 
as well as the tentative resumption of the cruise industry in 2021. The cruise segment represented +6.3% 
of our total alignment score of +12.2%, indicating that we are slightly more misaligned compared to the 
2020 alignment score of +11.7%. Our cargo alignment score was also impacted in 2021 due to the  
significant tonnage demand increase in dry cargo as well as the pre-existing issues in the container 
sector . Most of the misalignment relates to three individual client situations in which COVID-19-driven 
operational issues during 2021 are unlikely to have been repeated in 2022. We therefore expect significant 
improvement in next year’s report for our 2022 total alignment score, which will be reflective of a more 
normal market environment. 
Citi continues to partner with clients that are actively considering the development of the next generation 
of shipping technology. The new International Maritime Organization (IMO) Carbon Intensity Indicator 
(CII) and Energy Efficiency Existing Ship Index (EEXI) regulations that went into effect in January 2023 
provide further signals as to where the industry needs to reduce emissions and explore retrofitting 
opportunities. Although decarbonizing shipping depends on the pace of the energy transition, we see 
clients looking to source alternative fuels, develop new technologies and consider additional alternative 
solutions as part of their long-term strategy. We will continue to support our clients in all of their different 
approaches to reduce emissions which, in turn, will help Citi meet its own targets as we look to support the 
decarbonization of global supply chains. 
In 2022, Citi delivered its Poseidon Principles disclosure to the Secretariat, and that disclosure is now 
published on the Poseidon Principles website.
Risk Exposure   
We provide an update to our climate risk heat mapping, for which we developed a more formal and 
detailed methodology in 2021 to determine the vulnerability scores assigned to each sector . The climate 
risk heat mapping categorizes sectors under one of four vulnerability scores, ranging from “low” to 
“high.” We have established sub-scores using the rubric in the following table for various aspects of 
transition and physical risks.
52 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
CLIMATE RISK HEAT MAPPING
1 2 3 4
Transition 
Risks
Regulatory No regulatory/
policy changes 
are expected to 
meaningfully impact 
the sector financially 
such as through 
asset devaluation, 
increased 
expenditure (e.g., 
compliance costs) 
and/or loss of 
revenue
Minor impact to the 
sector expected 
from potential 
regulatory/policy 
changes (e.g., 
building efficiency) 
resulting in 
financial impact 
asset devaluation, 
increased 
expenditure (e.g., 
compliance costs) 
or loss of revenue; 
impact only on 
a subset of the 
sector , subset of 
geographies and/or 
only indirect impact 
Moderate impact to 
the sector expected 
from regulatory/
policy changes 
(e.g., carbon 
taxes) relating 
to the sector’s 
carbon intensity; 
direct impact with 
noticeable economic 
implications on 
the sector through 
impacted asset 
valuation, increased 
expenditure (e.g., 
compliance costs) 
and/or revenue loss
Major impact to the 
sector expected 
due to expected 
regulatory/policy 
changes relating to 
the sector’s carbon 
intensity; significant 
shift expected in the 
business model or 
economics of the 
sector impacting 
asset valuation, 
expenditures 
(e.g., increased 
compliance costs) 
and/or revenue
Technology Outside of general 
modernization of 
technology, no 
technology shifts 
are expected for the 
sector
Minor impact to the 
sector expected from 
technology changes 
(i.e., impact only 
on a small subset 
of the sector , or 
only indirect impact 
through supply 
chain) that result in 
market share loss
Moderate impact to 
the sector expected 
from technology 
changes, resulting 
in some shift in the 
economics of some 
companies in the 
sector leading to 
market share loss
Major impact to the 
sector expected 
from technology 
changes, resulting 
in substitution of a 
significant portion of 
existing companies 
(i.e., market share 
loss)
Stakeholder There is no 
expectation 
of stakeholder 
composition 
or preferences 
changing for the 
industry
Minor stakeholder 
impact due to 
expected shift in 
preferences, with 
minor financial 
impact on 
companies (e.g., 
revenue, vendor 
pricing)
Moderate 
stakeholder impact 
is expected for the 
sector in terms 
of stakeholder 
preferences and 
composition with 
modest financial 
impact (e.g., revenue, 
vendor pricing)
Major stakeholder 
impact is expected in  
terms of both 
client preferences 
and composition 
of stakeholders 
resulting in 
significant financial 
impact (e.g., revenue 
loss, vendor pricing)
Legal No increased 
litigation concerns 
are expected to 
impact the industry 
that would lead to 
increased financial 
burden (e.g., legal 
fees, settlements)
Minor litigation 
concerns are 
expected to impact 
the sector with 
minor financial 
consequences 
(e.g., legal fees, 
settlements)
Moderate litigation 
concerns are 
expected to impact 
the sector with 
modest financial 
impact (e.g., legal 
fees, settlements)
Major litigation is 
expected to impact 
the sector , with 
significant financial 
impact (e.g., legal 
fees, settlements)
continued on next page
Low HighVulnerability Score
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 53
The overall score is determined by assigning the highest sub-score as the sector’s overall score. While 
this may result in some sectors being assigned a vulnerability score that is higher than the average of 
all climate risks, we have decided to take this more conservative approach in order to recognize that the 
sector is exposed to climate risks up to that highest level under our methodology.
Our heatmap assessment helps us to prioritize portfolios when further evaluating the risks within each 
business unit. We intend to initially focus on the higher-risk, higher-exposure sectors. However , additional 
due diligence will be required to differentiate the vulnerabilities of individual counterparties within 
each sector (taking into consideration differences in business models, geographic footprint and climate 
adaptation and/or mitigation plans).
It is important to note that these risks are not expected to manifest in every sector immediately. For this 
reason, the table on pages 54 to 56 should not be interpreted as imminent risks to existing exposures, but 
rather , exposures we are proactively identifying to focus on, where we will work methodically in the coming 
years to better understand, analyze and manage our climate risk exposures in these sectors.
A comprehensive table of our credit exposures is provided below, including a further detailed breakdown of 
identified sectors into subsectors and, for each, the level of risk relating to physical and transition climate 
risk. By looking at the subsector level, we can further distinguish between the levels of risk within an 
individual sector .
We note that since our 2021 TCFD Report, there have been minor updates within the table, but there have 
been no substantial changes to our heatmap as we have been prioritizing climate risk assessments focused 
on more vulnerable sectors. 
1 2 3 4
Physical 
Risks
Acute 
Hazard
Acute physical 
hazards have no 
impact on the day-
to-day operations 
of companies in the 
sector
Sector would 
experience minor 
impact from acute 
physical hazards 
on operations (e.g., 
revenue loss due to 
business disruption), 
or minor damage to 
assets (e.g., asset 
devaluation)
Sector would 
experience moderate 
and protracted 
impact from acute 
physical hazards 
on operations (e.g., 
revenue loss due to 
business disruption), 
or moderate damage 
to assets (e.g., asset 
devaluation)
Sector would 
experience major 
and protracted 
impact from acute 
physical hazards 
on operations (e.g., 
revenue loss due to 
business disruption), 
or significant damage 
to assets (e.g., asset 
devaluation)
Chronic 
Hazard
Chronic physical 
hazards have no 
impact on the 
operations or 
valuation of assets/
companies in the 
sector
Chronic physical 
hazards have minor 
potential impact on 
the operations (e.g., 
increased insurance  
cost) or valuation of 
assets/companies in 
the sector 
Sector would 
experience moderate 
and sustained 
impact on the 
operations (e.g., 
increased insurance 
cost) or valuation of 
assets/companies in 
the sector
Sector would 
experience major 
and irreversible 
impact on the 
operations  
or valuation of 
assets/companies in 
the sector
Low HighVulnerability Score
54 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
CLIMATE RISK HEAT MAPPING 
AND CREDIT EXPOSURE
1 Over medium to long term 
2 In addition to this exposure, Citi has energy-related exposure within the public sector (e.g., energy-related, state-owned 
entities) and transportation sector (e.g., offshore drilling under Shipping & Maritime Logistics). Citi’s total exposure to these 
energy-related sectors is approximately $4.5 billion, of which approximately $2.3 billion consisted of direct outstanding 
funded loans.
2021 Climate Risk1
$ in Millions
Total $ 
Exposure
% of  
Total  
Exposure Funded
% of 
Funded 
Exposure
Transition  
Risk
Physical 
Risk
Energy & Commodities2  48,973 6.9%  13,485 4.7%
Integrated Oil & Gas  12,264 1.7%  2,339 0.8% 4 2
Oil & Gas Exploration & Production  11,799 1.7%  3,193 1.1% 4 2
Oil & Gas Storage & Transportation  6,326 0.9%  1,209 0.4% 4 2
Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing  8,600 1.2%  3,271 1.1% 4 2
Oil & Gas Equipment, Services and Drilling  4,397 0.6%  1,007 0.4% 4 2
Commodity Traders 3,897 0.5% 1,961 0.7% 3 2
Other 1,689 0.2% 506 0.2% 4 2
Power  26,199 3.7%  5,610 2.0%
Alternative Energy  1,7 49 0.2%  981 0.3% 1 2
Electric Utilities  6,512 0.9%  1,967 0.7% 3 3
Gas Utilities  1,343 0.2%  474  0.2% 3 2
Independent Power Producers & Service 
Operators
 2,183 0.3%  393 0.1% 3 3
Multi-Utilities  11,826 1.7%  1,378 0.5% 3 3
Water Utilities  1,328 0.2%  161 0.1% 2 3
Other  1,258 0.2%  256 0.1% 3 3
  Transportation  75,106 10.5%  30,747 10.8%
Autos  48,210 6.8%  18,662 6.6% 4 1
Automobile Manufacturers  16,386 2.3%  5,997 2.1% 4 1
Auto Parts & Equipment  9,377 1.3%  3,808 1.3% 4 1
Auto-Related Financing, Leasing and Rentals  19,751 2.8%  7 ,313 2.6% 3 1
Other  2,696 0.4%  1,544 0.5% 4 1
Aviation  9,582 1.3%  3,839 1.3% 3 3
Shipping & Maritime Logistics excluding 
offshore
 8,238 1.2%  5,208 1.8% 3 2
Shipping & Maritime Logistics offshore  1,036 0.1%  253 0.1% 4 2
continued on next page
Low High1 2 3 4
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 55
3 Based on Citi’s Risk Industry Classification, which differs from how Citi defines thermal coal mining companies under its 
ESRM Policy.  For reporting on our thermal coal mining exposure, see page 44.  
 
2021 Climate Risk1
$ in Millions
Total $ 
Exposure
% of  
Total  
Exposure Funded
% of 
Funded 
Exposure
Transition  
Risk
Physical 
Risk
Logistics  8,040 1.1%  2,785 1.0% 3 3
Air Freight & Logistics  507 0.1%  255 0.1% 3 3
Rail  1,140 0.2%  267 0.1% 1 2
Trucking  539 0.1%  290 0.1% 3 1
Other  5,854 0.8%  1,973 0.7% 3 3
Industrials  68,338 9.6%  20,755 7. 3%
Building Products & Related  7 ,413 1.0%  2,406 0.8% 3 1
Capital Goods  45,619 6.4%  13,544 4.8% 3 3
Paper Forest Products & Packaging  6,786 1.0%  3,002 1.1% 3 1
Professional Services  8,520 1.2%  1,803 0.6% 2 1
Metals & Mining  13,892 1.9%  6,089 2.1%
Coal3  506 0.1%  80 0.0% 4 4
Steel  3,553 0.5%  2,203 0.8% 3 2
Aluminum  859 0.1%  601 0.2% 3 2
Stainless Steel  127 0.0%  93 0.0% 3 2
Nonferrous & Ferrous Minerals  2,345 0.3%  942 0.3% 3 2
Other 6,502 0.9% 2,170 0.8% 3 2
Chemicals  25,550 3.6%  8,525 3.0% 3 1
Consumer Retail & Health  112,387 15.8%  41,720 14.7%
Food Beverage & Tobacco  35,710 5.0%  16,375 5.8% 3 3
Agricultural Products  6,721 0.9%  4,075 1.4% 3 3
Beverages  9,047 1.3%  3,702 1.3% 1 3
Food Products  15,370 2.2%  7 ,189 2.5% 3 2
Tobacco  2,551 0.4%  563 0.2% 1 3
Other  2,022 0.3%  847 0.3% 3 3
Health Care Equipment & Services  33,393 4.7%  8,826 3.1% 1 1
Household & Personal Products  7,962 1.1%  3,273 1.2% 2 2
Retail  18,276 2.6%  6,535 2.3% 2 1
Hotels Restaurants & Leisure  3,943 0.6%  1,475 0.5% 1 2
continued on next page
56 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
4 Includes Banks, Finance Companies, Securities Firms, Asset Managers and Funds, and Financial Markets Infrastructure. 
5 Certain countries may see high transition and physical risks based on commodities exposure and geographic location. 
6 Sums may not match FY 2021 10k due to rounding from increased granularity in industry breakdowns. 
2021 Climate Risk1
$ in Millions
Total $ 
Exposure
% of  
Total  
Exposure Funded
% of 
Funded 
Exposure
Transition  
Risk
Physical 
Risk
Consumer Durables & Apparel  13,104 1.8%  5,236 1.8% 2 2
Real Estate  69,808 9.8%  46,220 16.2%
Commercial Real Estate  53,181 7. 5%  31,907 11.2% 2 3
Residential Real Estate  16,627 2.3%  14,313 5.0% 2 3
Financial Institutions4  129,582 18.2% 64,405 22.6% 3 2
Insurance 28,495 4.0%  3,162 1.1%
Life insurance  5,223 0.7%  784 0.3% 1 1
Property & Casualty Insurance  15,102 2.1%  2,193 0.8% 2 3
Reinsurance  6,447 0.9%  113 0.0% 2 3
Other  1,723 0.2%  71 0.0% 2 3
Public Sector5  23,842 3.3%  12,464 4.4% 3 3
Tech, Media & Telecom 84,333 11.8%  28,542 10.0%
Media & Entertainment  12,336 1.7%  2,547 0.9% 1 1
Hardware  24,404 3.4%  9,580 3.4% 2 2
Software & Services  23,144 3.2%  5,392 1.9% 1 1
Telecom  22,258 3.1%  9,959 3.5% 1 2
Other  2,192 0.3%  1,064 0.4% 2 2
Other Industries 6,591 0.9%  2,802 1.0% 1 1
Total6 713,096 100.0% 284,527 100.0%
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 57
Net Zero Financed Emissions Data and Targets   
In addition to the absolute financed emissions we began calculating for our Energy and Power portfolios 
last year , in 2022, we calculated absolute financed emissions for our Auto Manufacturing, Commercial Real 
Estate, Steel and Thermal Coal Mining portfolios, as well as adding Energy-related project financing to the 
Energy financed emissions boundary. We calculated these figures according to the PCAF methodology (using 
funds outstanding) and in alignment with our net zero target boundaries (using total funds committed).  
As noted in our 2021 TCFD Report, we expect the quality of our annual emissions data to improve as our clients’ 
climate disclosure and data quality and quantity increase. In our analysis this year , we found the financed 
emissions data quality scores for the Energy and Power sectors improved as follows from 2020 to 2021:
 
 FINANCED EMISSIONS DATA COVERAGE 
1 Only inclusive of counterparty data with PCAF Data Quality Scores 1 and 2. Percentages disclosed in last year’s TCFD Report 
were based on a select group of S&P Global Trucost identifiers for directly disclosed data. The revised calculation presented in 
the table above is instead based on data that achieves a PCAF data quality score of 1 or 2 (data from partial disclosures also 
qualifies for score 2).  
2 Scope 3 is not tracked for the sectors for which it is not material.
3 Data scores range from 1 to 5, with a score of 1 signifying the highest quality data and a score of 5 signifying the lowest 
quality data. Scores are weighted by drawn exposure.
4 Due to the lower level of manual adjustments used for data sources this year, the amount of data with PCAF data quality 
scores of 1 and 2 has decreased. In instances where emissions estimates from third-party data providers were within a 
negligible margin of emissions disclosed by clients, we deferred to data coming from the third-party dataset.
5 This data quality score was erroneously calculated in last year’s report and has since been revised.
Data  
Coverage 
Auto Mfg Commer-
cial Real 
Estate
Energy Power Steel Thermal 
Coal  
Mining
2021 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2021 2021
% of portfolio 
reporting 
emissions: 
Scope 1 and 2 
(by committed 
exposure)1 
94% N/A 63% 65%  
(Excluding 
project finance)
81% 77%  
(Excluding 
project finance)
76% 50%
% of portfolio 
reporting 
emissions: Scope 
3 (by committed 
exposure)1,2 
75% N/A 18% 3%4 N/A N/A 54% 
(Upstream 
6%  
(Downstream)
0%
PCAF Scope 1 and 
2 Data Quality 
Score (out of 5)3
2.1 4.4 3.25  2.9  
(Excluding 
project finance) 
2.9  
(Project 
finance only)
3.0  2.6  
(Excluding 
project finance) 
3.0  
(Project 
finance only)
2.1 3.1
PCAF Scope 3 
Data Quality 
Score (out of 5)3
2.3 N/A 3.65 3.6 N/A N/A 3.1 
(Upstream) 
3.8  
(Downstream)
3.0
58 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
2021 FINANCED EMISSIONS SUMMARY 
1 Includes project finance for 2021. 
2 Includes project finance for 2020 and 2021.  
3 Includes direct financing within North America (NAM) only.  
4 Adjusting for Enterprise Value Including Cash (EVIC) fluctuations, the normalized result is 113.8 M mt CO2e.  
 
There are three key contributors to fluctuations in financed emissions from year to year — the exposure, 
the company value (EVIC for public, Debt and Equity for private), and the company emissions. We saw these 
dynamics play out in the Energy sector last year in particular , where the data mismatch (where energy 
companies ended 2021 with high valuation — but this was following a year of decreased production and 
emissions in 2020) has lowered our financed emissions figures for 2021. In an effort to adjust for one of these 
superficial drivers, we have tested a proposed PCAF EVIC adjustment method (intended for Asset Managers’ 
Sector Energy1 
(Scope 1-3)
Power2 Auto  
Manufacturing 
(Scope 1-3)
Commercial 
Real Estate3 
(Scope 1-2)
Thermal Coal 
Mining 
(Scope 1-3)
Steel
(Scope 1-3)
2020 
Financed 
Emissions
(Committed 
Exposure)
143.8  
M mt CO2e
12.0 
M mt CO2e 
(Scope 1-2)
N/A N/A N/A N/A
2020 
Emissions 
Intensity
(Physical)
81.4 
g CO2e/MJ
313.5  
kg CO2e/MWh 
(Scope 1)
N/A N/A N/A N/A
2021  
Financed 
Emissions
(Outstanding 
Drawn Exposure)
36.2 
M mt CO2e
4.3 
M mt CO2e 
(Scope 1-2)
4.9 
M mt CO2e
425 
k mt CO2e
3.6 
M mt CO2e
4.5 
M mt CO2e
2021  
Financed 
Emissions
(Committed 
Exposure)
100.3 
M mt CO2e4
11.0 
M mt CO2e 
(Scope 1-2)
13.0 
M mt CO2e
526 
k mt CO2e
7.9 
M mt CO2e
7.1 
M mt CO2e
2021 
Emissions 
Intensity
(Physical)
81.8 
g CO2e/MJ
308.2  
kg CO2e/MWh 
(Scope 1)
154 
g CO2e/km
61 
kg CO2e/m2
3.2 
t CO2e/ 
short ton
TBD
2021 
Emissions 
Intensity
(Per $ million 
committed)
2,260 
mt CO2e/ 
$MM 
Committed
473 
mt CO2e/ 
$MM 
Committed
993 
mt CO2e/ 
$MM 
Committed
27 
mt CO2e/ 
$MM 
Committed
22,097 
mt CO2e/ 
$MM 
Committed
2,581 
mt CO2e/ 
$MM 
Committed
2021  
Year-End 
Commited 
Exposure
(Billions)
$44.40 $23.30 $13.00 $19.40 $0.36 $2.74
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 59
portfolios) to create a normalized metric by calculating an adjustment factor based on the portfolio EVIC 
fluctuation. The normalized energy financed emissions footprint is 113.8 M mtCO2e. As there is no recognized 
method for normalizing this fluctuation, this year we disclosed this adjusted metric to acknowledge that 
these calculations, heavily based on estimation, will go through a large degree of refinement over the coming 
years. We will continue to monitor methodologies to normalize these fluctuations, and plan to follow any 
published guidance from PCAF once available. As we continue to refine our data and metrics, we will maintain 
transparency on these learnings and continue to assess appropriate pathways to stay aligned with our net 
zero commitment. 
Key Design Decisions and 2030 Targets
The key design decisions for developing the 2030 emissions targets for each of our priority carbon-intensive 
sectors are summarized in the table below:
  2030 EMISSIONS REDUCTION TARGETS     
* Within North America only, excluding Citi Community Capital portfolio   
Sector Baseline (Year) Target Metric Climate Scenario 2030 Target 
Energy 
(Scope 1-3)
143.8 million mt CO2e 
(2020) 
Absolute IEA NZE 2050 29% 
reduction from 2020 
baseline
102.1 million mt CO2e
Power 
(Scope 1)
313.5 kg CO2e/MWh 
(2020) 
Intensity IEA SDS OECD 63%  
reduction in Scope 1 
intensity per MWh
115 kg CO2e/MWh
Auto
Manufacturing  
(Scope 1-3)
154 g CO2e/km 
(2021) 
Intensity IEA NZE 2050 31%  
reduction in intensity 
per km from 2021 
baseline
106 g CO2e/km
Commercial 
Real Estate*  
(Scope 1-2)
61 kg CO2e/m2 
(2021)
Intensity CRREM Pathways 41%  
reduction in intensity 
per m2 from 2021 
baseline
36 kg CO2e/m2
Steel  
(Scope 1-3)
SSP Climate 
Alignment Score TBD 
(2021)
Intensity IEA NZE 2050 SSP Climate
Alignment Score = 0
Thermal Coal 
Mining  
(Scope 1-3)
7.9 million mt CO2e 
(2021)
Absolute IEA SDS OECD 90%  
reduction from 2021 
baseline
793 thousand mt CO2e
60 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Operations   
As a global bank, we believe in the importance of reducing the impact of our facilities and our operations. 
As part of our Net Zero Plan, we have committed to achieving net zero operational emissions by 2030. 
As part of this commitment, we are prioritizing the reduction of emissions from our operations as much 
as possible, although we acknowledge that some emissions offsetting will likely be necessary for hard-to-
abate operational emissions. Carbon capture and sequestration technology still remains largely limited and 
costly. There is also a need to scale the deployment of existing energy efficient and renewable technologies 
to support the protection of the environment beyond our value chain. In support of this need, Citi will begin 
to purchase voluntary third-party verified carbon credits consisting of a portfolio of nature-based, energy 
efficiency, and methane destruction credits in an amount equivalent to our Scope 1 direct GHG emissions. 
We plan to rebalance the carbon credit portfolio mix to only use removal credits as we near our 2030 
operational target. 
We have been tracking, reporting and reducing emissions for over two decades. In 2020, we introduced the 
fourth generation of operational footprint goals for 2021 to 2025. These goals, which form the foundation 
of our net-zero operations commitment, seek to reduce not just our emissions but also our energy, water 
and waste consumption and impacts across our operations. Progress on our first year of reporting toward 
these new goals is provided below. Please note that, as a result of having fewer people using Citi buildings 
due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, our progress for 2021 indicates that we exceeded some of our 
goals during the year . That trend could briefly reverse in the coming years as our employees continue to 
return to the office, before progressing again toward meeting our goals. 
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 61
 2025 OPERATIONAL FOOTPRINT GOALS  
(MEASURED AGAINST 2010 BASELINE)
 
* 91% sourced within the same market boundary as use; 9% sourced from regionally aligned markets. 
** 2021 total includes 14 Excellence in Design for Greater Efficiencies (EDGE) projects in Latin America.  
 
Progress  
through 2021Category Goal
45%
reduction in location-based  
GHG emissions 49.8%GHG EMISSIONS
40% reduction in energy consumption 37.9%
100% maintain renewable electricity sourcing 100%*ENERGY
30% reduction in total water consumption 38.8%
25%
of water consumed to come from 
reclaimed/reused sources 7.0%
WATER
50% reduction in total waste 55.8%
50% of waste diverted from landfill 22.8%
WASTE
40%
of floor area to be LEED,  
WELL or equivalent certified 34.7%**SUSTAINABLE 
BUILDINGS
62 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
For more information on our work to meet these goals, please see the “Sustainable Operations” section of 
our 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. A summary of our 2021 energy consumption is also 
provided below:
 
  2021 ENERGY CONSUMPTION  
*Figures may not sum to total due to rounding.
      
In our 2021 TCFD Report, we published the results of our initial emissions screening inventory. We have 
continued to screen our Scope 3 GHG emissions associated with our supply chain through the use of 
spend-based emissions factors (EPA EEIO). Since completing our first comprehensive screening inventory 
across operations, supply chain and employee emissions for 2020, we expanded our review this year to 
include 2019 through 2021. 
Energy Type GWh
Scope 1 - Energy Consumed 210
Natural Gas 178
LP Gas 1
Fuel Oil 0
Diesel 32
Scope 2 - Energy Purchased 1,137
Electricity 1,111
District Heating (Steam & Chilled Water) 26
Total Energy* 1,348
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 63
2021 OPERATIONS, SUPPL Y CHAIN AND EMPLOYEE ACTIVITIES GHG SCREENING INVENTORY
MILLIONS OF METRIC TONS CO2E (M MT CO2E)
*Methodological Changes: 
Scope 2: Changed from location-based emissions to market-based emissions to quantify the benefit of renewable electricity use. 
Scope 3: The U.S. EPA updated their methodology for Scope 3 emissions factors resulting in a material change.   
Demonstrating the magnitude of the EPA methodology change, the factor for plastic bags, films and sheets (e.g., credit 
card production materials) increased 47% increasing Category 1 while the factor for computers (e.g., data center and other 
technology hardware) reduced 77% reducing Category 2 emissions.  Due to the significance of the change, Categories 1, 2 and 
4 have been re-calculated in their entirety to ensure meaningful comparisons.
**Scope 1 includes real estate operations and corporate aviation. 
 Throughout 2022, we have been developing our Net Zero Plan for our operations. As part of this progress, 
we have determined to follow a 1.5°C pathway, which indicates that our operational emissions should be 
reduced by 4.2% per year , on average, from 2019 through 2030. Our renewable electricity use (Scope 
2) puts us well on the path for our operations (Scope 1 and 2). However , addressing supply chain and 
employee activity emissions (Scope 3) remains a challenge in part due to data limitations. 
Citi intends to continue the steady progress we have made thus far , enabling real reductions in the near 
term as we best determine how to approach the challenges of calculating Scope 3 GHG emissions and 
ultimately driving real, quantifiable reductions across our supply chain and employee activity emissions. To 
that end, we will continue to progress our operational efficiency and optimization efforts, our renewable 
electricity use and seeking replacement or alternative low carbon fuel options (e.g., sustainable aviation 
fuel, renewable natural gas, etc.).
CO2e Emissions Category 2019 2020* 2021 Primary Source 
of Emissions
Scope 1 (Direct Energy)** 0.03 0.02 0.05
Operations
Scope 2 (Indirect Energy) 0.36 0.06 0.06
Scope 3 (Supply Chain and Employee Activity)
Supply Chain
Category 1 — Purchased Goods and Services 1.63 1.54 1.70
Category 2 — Capital Goods 0.35 0.33 0.29
Category 3 — Fuel and Energy-Related Activities 0.17 0.13 0.28
Category 4 — Transportation and Distribution 0.15 0.10 0.11
Category 5 — Waste Generated in Operations 0.02 0.01 0.01
Category 6 — Business Travel: Total 0.13 0.02 0.01
Employee 
Activities
Category 7 — Employee Commuting: Total 0.08 0.10 0.11
        Category 7 — Employee Commuting 0.00 0.03 0.03
        Category 7 — Work from home n/a 0.07 0.08
Total Emissions 2.9 2.3 2.6
64 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Although Citi is working to support the transition, banks alone cannot drive this change, and the 
broader private sector will need to more broadly engage to see meaningful progress. To efficiently and 
effectively harness the power of the market and to drive progress towards a low-carbon economy, the 
availability and quality of climate-related data needs to be improved, and the global community will need 
to continue to encourage meaningful climate regulation and governmental support and strengthen the 
methodologies for assessing and mitigating climate risks. Additionally, Citi is focused on proactively 
balancing support for our existing clients in the Energy and other sectors with scaling up investments in 
innovative, low-carbon energy technologies and infrastructure as we spur progress towards global net 
zero goals. 
Some of the most important work to achieve a low-carbon economy will happen at the ground level. 
As a result, our future climate efforts will focus on expanded and enhanced client engagement and 
financing efforts to provide our clients with the necessary tools and resources to establish their unique 
decarbonization pathways and make progress towards their related targets and goals.
In the future, we also plan to continue, among other efforts:
 • Developing emissions baselines and targets for additional sectors in our portfolio, such as Agriculture, 
Aluminum, Aviation, Cement and Shipping;
 • Continuing to measure progress towards established targets, revising such goals where appropriate to 
account for advances in methodologies and data availability; and 
 • Exploring climate-related opportunities to help achieve and sustain progress toward net zero targets, 
including, for example, advising clients on funding new climate technology opportunities. 
We will remain transparent about our challenges and our successes as our understanding of climate-related 
risks and opportunities continues to evolve. Changes to the global economy to support the low-carbon 
transition will require enormous global cooperation, and we plan to continue sharing our tools and lessons 
learned that accelerate our collective progress on our path to decarbonization.
The transition to a low-carbon society will not be smooth or perfectly linear , especially in light of the global 
economic disruptions of 2022, which we expect will continue into 2023 and beyond. However , as the world’s 
most global bank, we strive to leverage the full power of our business and to act with urgency to help 
address the risks posed by climate change while ensuring a just, fair and inclusive low-carbon transition.
 
Looking Forward 
 
PART 6
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 65
Forward-Looking Statements   
The disclosures included in this report are being provided in an effort to align with the TCFD 
recommendations and GFANZ guidance, respond to investor and other stakeholder requests, and further 
enhance our collective understanding of how climate risk translates into Citi’s key risk categories. As 
discussed above, our approaches to the disclosures included in this report differ in certain significant 
ways from those included in our required disclosures, including those mandated by SEC rules and 
regulations. For additional information, see “A Brief Note on Materiality” in the Introduction section.   
Certain statements in this report are “forward-looking statements,” including, but not limited to, those 
statements regarding our operational and financed net-zero targets, sustainable and transition finance 
goals, and related goals, commitments, strategies and plans. In addition, we may make forward-looking 
statements in other publicly available documents, and our management may make forward-looking 
statements orally to analysts, investors, representatives of the media and others. Generally, forward-
looking statements are not based on historical facts, but instead represent our and our management’s 
current beliefs regarding future events. Such statements may be identified by words such as believe, 
expect, anticipate, intend, aim, estimate, continue, project, may increase, may fluctuate, target, illustrative, 
plans and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as will, should, would, may or could. 
However , any statement that is not a statement of historical fact, regardless of whether it uses any of the 
foregoing words, is a forward-looking statement.
Forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to risks, 
uncertainties, changes in circumstances and assumptions that are difficult to predict and are often 
beyond our control and inherently uncertain. These statements are not guarantees of future results, 
occurrences, performance or condition, and actual results may differ materially from those included 
in this report. Moreover , many of the forward-looking statements included in this report are based on 
assumptions, standards, metrics, measurements, methodologies, data and internal frameworks believed 
to be reasonable at the time of preparation, but should not be considered guarantees. In particular , 
assumptions, standards, metrics, methodologies and frameworks for measurement, reporting and analysis 
of climate change continue to evolve, vary across jurisdictions and regulatory bodies and are the subject 
of proposed regulatory changes in multiple jurisdictions, which may have a material impact on our future 
measurement and reporting, as well as the results of the efforts set forth in this report. Furthermore, 
our ability to measure many of these goals is dependent on data expected to be measured, tracked and 
provided by our clients and other stakeholders; as a result, our ability to measure progress and meet our 
targets is subject to the quality and availability of such data, as discussed in this report. Given the inherent 
uncertainty of the estimates, assumptions and timelines contained in this report, we may not be able to 
anticipate whether or the degree to which we will be able to meet our plans, targets, goals or commitments 
in advance. Further , Citi has not, and does not intend to, independently verify third-party data. Actual 
results, performance or outcomes may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any of these 
forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, among others, global socio-demographic 
and economic trends, geopolitical challenges and uncertainties, financial results, energy prices, consumer 
and client behavior , technological innovations, climate-related conditions and weather events, pandemics, 
legislative and regulatory changes, the outcome of current and future legal proceedings and regulatory 
66 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
investigations, public policies, engagement with clients, suppliers, investors, government officials and 
other stakeholders, our ability to gather and verify data regarding environmental impacts, our ability 
to successfully implement various initiatives throughout the company under expected time frames, the 
compliance of various third parties with our policies and procedures and legal requirements and other 
unforeseen events or conditions. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. 
Other factors that could cause actual results, performance or outcomes to differ materially from those 
described in forward-looking statements can be found in this report, in Citi’s filings with the SEC and other 
disclosures available on our corporate website at www.citigroup.com.
This report contains statements based on hypothetical scenarios and assumptions, which may not occur 
or differ significantly from actual events, and these statements should not necessarily be viewed as being 
representative of current or actual risk or forecasts of expected risk. This report may consider disclosure 
recommendations and broader definitions of materiality used by certain voluntary external frameworks 
and reporting guidelines that differ from mandatory reporting, including under U.S. federal securities laws 
and regulations. Information within this report may therefore be presented from a different perspective 
and in more detail than our mandatory reporting. Thus, while certain matters discussed in this report may 
be significant, any significance should not be read as necessarily rising to the level of materiality used for 
the purposes of complying with the U.S. federal securities laws and regulations, even if we use the word 
“material” or “materiality” in this report. Any discussion of forward-looking statements in this report is 
not an indication that the subject or information is material to Citi for U.S. federal securities laws and 
regulations reporting purposes.
Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date originally made and is based on management’s 
then-current expectations, and we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the 
impact of circumstances or events that arise after any forward-looking statement was made.
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 67
Appendices
In this Section 
Appendix A 
Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ) Index
Appendix B
Baseline Emissions and Sector Intensity Methodology 
68
70
68 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ) Index   
In preparing this report, Citi referred to the voluntary GFANZ Financial Institution Net-zero Transition Plans 
- Fundamentals, Recommendations, and Guidance report, which was published in November 2022. The 
following table indicates where readers can find information that addresses the recommendations within 
the GFANZ report.
 
Appendix A
Component Recommendation
Report  
Section
Foundations Objectives 
and priorities
Define the organization’s objectives to reach net zero by  
2050 or sooner , with measurable targets, milestones and 
timelines, and identify the priority approaches of net zero 
transition action considering financing climate solutions, 
decarbonization through seeking net zero-aligned clients and 
portfolio companies, working to bring clients and portfolio 
companies into net zero alignment and supporting managed 
phaseout projects.
Defining Our 
Net Zero Plan
Implementation 
Strategy
Products and 
services
Align existing and new products and services with a 1.5°C net 
zero pathway to accelerate and scale the net zero transition 
in the real economy, provide transition-related education and 
advice and support portfolio decarbonization in accordance with 
the institution’s net zero transition strategy.
Climate 
Opportunities
Activities 
and decision-
making
Embed the financial institution’s net zero objectives and priorities 
in its core evaluation and decision-making tools and processes, to 
support its net zero commitment. This applies to both top-down/
oversight structures and bottom-up tools and actions.
Achieving 
2030 Targets
Policies and 
conditions
Establish and apply policies and conditions on priority 
sectors and activities, such as thermal coal, oil and gas and 
deforestation. Include other sectors and activities within lending, 
investment and underwriting portfolios that are high-emitting, or 
otherwise harmful to the climate, to define business boundaries 
in line with the institution’s net zero objectives and priorities.
Environmental 
and Social 
Risk 
Management 
Policy
Engagement 
Strategy
Clients and 
portfolio 
companies
Proactively and constructively provide feedback and support to 
clients and portfolio companies to encourage net zero-aligned 
transition strategies, plans and progress with an escalation 
framework with consequences when engagement is ineffective.
Engagement
Industry Proactively engage with peers in the industry to a) exchange 
transition expertise as appropriate, and collectively work on 
common challenges; and b) represent the financial sector’s 
views cohesively to external stakeholders such as clients and 
governments.
Climate 
Policy and 
Regulatory 
Engagement
continued on next page
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 69
Component Recommendation
Report  
Section
Engagement 
Strategy  
(cont)
Government 
and public 
sector
Ensure that direct and indirect lobbying and public-sector 
engagement advocate for policies that support or enable an 
accelerated and orderly transition to net zero, and do not 
contravene any net zero commitments of the institution. 
Review portfolio companies’ lobbying and advocacy efforts and 
utilize engagement levers to encourage consistency with the 
institution’s own net zero objectives. Discuss clean investment 
plans and policies with governments and other key stakeholders 
to help attract private investment in climate solutions.
Climate 
Policy and 
Regulatory 
Engagement
Metrics and 
Targets
Metrics and 
targets
Set targets against key metrics that support the net zero 
strategy and priorities, including targets for support and scaling 
of climate solutions, engagement, internal implementation, 
financed GHG emissions and, where relevant, managed phaseout 
projects. Monitor a range of metrics to assess progress in 
implementing the net zero transition plan.
Metrics & 
Targets
Governance Roles, 
responsibilities 
and 
remuneration
Define roles for Board and senior management so they have 
ownership, oversight and responsibility for the net zero targets. 
Assign appropriate individuals and teams to all aspects of 
both design and delivery. Review the transition plan regularly 
to ensure material updates/developments are incorporated, 
challenges are reviewed as an opportunity to course correct and 
implementation risks are being managed.
Governance
Skills and 
culture 
Provide training and development support to the teams and 
individuals designing, implementing and overseeing the plan so 
that they have sufficient skills and knowledge to perform their 
roles (including at the Board and senior management level). 
Implement a change management program and foster open 
communications to embed the net zero transition plan into the 
organization’s culture and practices.
Skills Culture 
& Expertise
70 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Baseline Emissions and Sector Intensity Methodology    
Scope of Analysis     
Our FY2021 financed emissions calculations encompass the full loan portfolio for the Auto Manufacturing, 
Commercial Real Estate (CRE), Energy and Energy-related project financing, Power and Power-related 
project financing, Steel and Thermal Coal Mining sectors. Capital markets activity, structured products 
(such as derivatives, hedging or trading) and tax equity-financed projects are excluded from this scope of 
analysis at this time.
The financial reporting year has been determined as January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021. Financial values 
related to client loan exposure and company financials have been aligned to this year-end date where 
possible, or we have taken information as of the company’s closest financial reporting year-end date.
Throughout this report, we offer our emissions calculations based on two components of client exposure: 
 • Outstanding amount: value of the loan that the borrower has drawn down as of the year-end date. 
 • Committed amount: outstanding amount plus undrawn committed credit which the borrower has 
available, less any amounts related to fronting facilities.
Sector portfolios are identified using an internal industry classification system, further detailed below. 
Auto Manufacturing
The industry boundary for Auto Manufacturing focuses on Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) of 
light-duty vehicles.
Commercial Real Estate
To evaluate each counterparty’s emissions performance, we focus on GHG emissions associated with the 
direct financing of existing buildings in North America, excluding properties under construction as of 
December 31, 2021, land and lot development, agricultural properties, indirect financing (e.g., Real Estate 
Investment Trusts (REITs) and Real Estate Operating Companies (REOCs), or securitized assets) and 
properties located outside of North America. This exclusion is in part due to data limitations and lack of 
operational emissions from said property types in our loan book. Since data quality for this sector is best in 
 
Appendix B
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 71
North America, and much of our financing within the real estate space is located within North America, we 
are currently looking at only North American properties. 
Energy and Power
For industry descriptions, see our 2021 TCFD Report. For project finance loans, we include actively 
operating electricity generation-related assets in the reporting year for the Power sector and actively 
operating projects in the Energy sector , which include midstream assets. 
Steel 
We have followed the Sustainable STEEL Principles (SSP) guidance to determine in-scope counterparties, 
focusing on crude steel producers, while excluding stainless steel producers and fabricators from the scope 
of our financed emissions reporting.
Suggested NAICS to identify these counterparties include: 
Thermal Coal Mining 
The in-scope counterparties were determined to include thermal coal mining companies with 
≥5% revenue generated from thermal coal mining activities. Mining companies that only produce 
metallurgical coal were excluded. For companies that produce both thermal coal and metallurgical coal, 
financed emissions calculations are inclusive of Scope 1 and 2 emissions resulting from both thermal and 
metallurgical coal activities. 
  Business Loans Calculation Methodology     
Scopes 1 & 2     
Scope 1 and 2 emissions have been included in the financed emissions calculations for all clients  
within the covered sectors: Auto Manufacturing, Energy, Power , Steel, and Thermal Coal Mining. These 
emissions include: 
NAICS Corresponding Index Entries
212210 Iron Ore Mining
331110 Iron and Steel Mills and Ferroalloy Manufacturing
331210 Iron and Steel Pipe and Tube Manufacturing from Purchased Steel
331221 Rolled Steel Shape Manufacturing
331511 Iron Foundries
331513 Steel Foundries (except Investment)
332111 Iron and Steel Forging
72 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
 • Reported actual company emissions as sourced through S&P Global Trucost or CDP;   
 • Reported actual company or site emissions from publicly available databases (such as the EPA or 
CDP) and/or company disclosures; 
 • S&P Global Trucost estimations based on reported company data or their proprietary estimation 
model; and
 • Estimated emissions based on industry average emission factors by sector from the Partnership for 
Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) emissions factor database.
For details on the PCAF calculation approaches for Business Loans and principles of best available data 
calculations and methodology on estimating emissions in the absence of company financials and emissions 
disclosures, please see our 2021 TCFD Report.
Scope 3    
Auto Manufacturing
For Auto sector loans, Scope 3 tailpipe emissions are the most carbon intensive segment of the vehicle 
value chain. Therefore, for the automotive sector , only Scope 3 Category 11: Use of Sold Products is 
included in the Scope 3 financed emissions calculations. Auto manufacturers report their Scope 3 tailpipe 
emissions in two ways, using a Well-to-Wheel (WTW) methodology or using a Tank-to-Wheel (TTW) 
methodology. Well-to-Wheel calculations capture combustion of fuel over the lifetime of a vehicle as well as 
upstream emissions associated with fuel extraction and transport. Tank-to-Wheel calculations only capture 
the end use combustion of the fuel in the vehicle’s tank over its lifetime.  
We calculate Scope 3 tailpipe emissions using a hybrid approach, deferring to the public disclosures made 
by parent companies, despite inconsistent approaches (e.g., TTW or WTW), using publicly reported data 
provided by S&P Global Trucost, and using a bottom-up, production-based approach when neither S&P 
Global Trucost nor publicly disclosed data is available. The bottom-up calculation, shown below, uses make, 
model and body data from LMC, regional lifetime kilometer assumptions, EPA emissions factors and fuel 
efficiency data from Fueleconomy.gov:
with l = location
with v = vehicle
The equation captures parent company fleet emissions over the lifetime of the fleet. The vehicle units 
and their corresponding fuel efficiency provide a metric measuring kilometers traveled per gallon of 
fuel consumed. Total gallons consumed over the life of the vehicle were determined using the average 
lifetime kilometer metric. Finally, a fuel combustion emissions factor was applied to total lifetime gallons 
consumed. Equation inputs and their associated assumptions are further discussed below.
Tailpipe CO2e emissions ∑ X X XVehicle UnitsV
V
Fuel EfficiencyV Avg lifetime kmV Emissions Factorl=
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 73
For clients that produce only electric vehicles, we treat their tailpipe emissions associated with EV battery 
charging as zero, as emissions from battery charging are covered by the electric power generators in the 
Power sector .
Energy
For details on our Energy Scope 3 calculation methodology, please see our 2021 TCFD Report. 
Steel
For Steel sector loans, there is a high degree of variability in Scope 3 emissions given the complexity of 
final steel product manufacturing processes and the variation among different steel plants (e.g., integrated 
vs. non-integrated steel plants). The SSP fixed system boundary includes upstream Scope 3 emissions, 
Category 1 – purchased goods and services, and downstream Scope 3 emissions, Category 10 – processing 
of sold products. FY2020 Scope 3, Category 1 emissions were obtained through CDP disclosures, when 
available. Where data was unavailable through CDP, upstream and downstream Scope 3 emissions were 
obtained through S&P Global Trucost, when available. 
When using S&P Global Trucost data, Scope 3 emissions are broken down into “upstream” and “downstream,” 
not by category. As such, applying S&P Global Trucost Scope 3 emissions data for financed emissions 
calculations leads to an overestimation of financed Scope 3 emissions compared to the SSP boundary.
Thermal Coal Mining
Thermal coal product combustion Scope 3 emissions are the most carbon-intensive segment of the thermal 
coal mining value chain. These emissions belong to Scope 3, Category 11, and are considered “downstream” 
in the value chain. To calculate these emissions, we use S&P Global Trucost downstream Scope 3 
emissions data, where available, and for companies that do not have S&P Global Trucost data available, 
or the emissions values are estimated by S&P, a bottom-up approach is applied by using thermal coal 
sales figures, sourced through company sustainability reports and/or annual reports, and United States 
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) emissions factors. 
For the bottom-up approach, thermal coal combustion emissions were calculated using the following formula.
with c = company
Tons of thermal coal sold
Thermal coal sales values for CY2020 are sourced through companies’ sustainability reports or annual 
reports. For companies that do not report coal sales by type, a thermal coal sales ratio is used to calculate 
thermal coal sales.
Combustion emissions CO2e ∑ XTons of thermal coal soldc
C
Emissions Factor=
74 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
Emissions factors
The U.S. EPA “Mixed (electric power sector)” emissions factors (under Coal and Coke category for 
stationary combustion) are used in this calculation. The emissions factors are sourced through the U.S. 
EPA’s Center for Corporate Climate Leadership GHG Emission Factors Hub, (April, 2022 update). 
Global warming potential (GWP)
GWP is applied to CH4 and N2O emissions to calculate the total CO2e emissions. The GWP values used in the 
calculation are from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Fourth Assessment Report 
(AR4). We use AR4 instead of the latest AR5, per the recommendation of the US EPA.
Project Finance Calculation Methodology           
Our approach to calculating financed emissions for each project finance loan, is aligned with the PCAF 
calculation approach for project finance:  
with p = project
Power
For our project finance methodology related to electric power generation, see our 2021 TCFD Report.
Energy
This year , due to most Energy projects being midstream (i.e., part of the transportation of fuel process), 
we are only calculating operational emissions (Scopes 1 and 2), as they represent the most material 
source of emissions for midstream projects. Energy projects include natural gas pipelines, liquid pipelines, 
liquified natural gas (LNG) plants and Floating Production Storage & Offloading (FPSO), and emissions are 
estimated based on the following by project type: 
Natural gas transmission pipelines
For natural gas transmission pipelines, methane emissions account for more than 99% of GHG emissions 
(source: EPA GHGRP 2020 dataset, Transmission Pipelines). A common metric used for transmission 
pipeline companies to track their GHG emissions is methane emissions intensity, which is a measure of 
methane emissions relative to natural gas throughput. A 2020 methane emissions intensity of 0.142% 
was reported by ONE Future Coalition for the transmission and storage sector . This average methane 
emissions intensity was calculated based on U.S. companies representing 56% of U.S. pipeline mileage. 
With the limitation of regional data access, this U.S.-based average methane emissions intensity 
was used to estimate GHG emissions for all natural gas pipelines projects in the FY2021 dataset. The 
Financed Emissions CO2e =∑
p
Outstanding Amountp
Total equity + debtp
Project EmissionspX
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 75
equation used to calculate GHG emissions is presented below.
  
Liquid pipelines7
To calculate GHG emissions from liquid pipelines, an emissions intensity of tCO 2e/t-km was calculated 
based on a research paper “Carbon footprint of oil products pipeline transportation.” 8 In this paper , a 
detailed Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) model is established to analyze carbon emissions of an oil products 
pipeline system from construction to disposal. Data from six Chinese oil pipelines were adopted as the 
the benchmark case study to reflect emissions produced in different stages.
The average calculated life cycle emissions intensity based on the case studies is 1.45*10-5 tCO2e/t-km. As 
approximately 30% of emissions come from pipeline operation phase, an emissions intensity of 4.36 * 10-6 
tCO2e/t-km was applied to estimate emissions from liquid pipeline projects using the annual throughput 
and pipeline distance data. The equation used to calculate GHG emissions is listed below.
with t-km = a unit of measure representing the transport of one tonne of goods over  
the distance of one kilometer
Note: the pipeline distances provided reflect a network of pipelines with many entry and delivery points 
instead of point-to-point pipelines, and as a result, there is a possibility of overestimating emissions as the 
products do not travel through the whole network.
Floating production storage and offloading (FPSO)
Published CO2 intensity is applied to calculate GHG emissions for oil and gas production.
Liquified natural gas (LNG) processing plants
GHG emissions calculated for the LNG plant projects are based on project specific emissions factors 
sourced through company reports.
CO2e emissions (tonnes) from  
natural gas pipeline operations X Xnatural gas Throughput (scf) 
X Xmethane density methane emissions intensity (%) methane GWP
methane content of natural gas (%)=
CO2 emissions (tonnes) from  
oil pipeline operations X
X X
Xannual Oil Throughput (bbl) conversion factor (tonnes/bbl)(9) 
pipeline distance (km) 4.36 10-6 tCO2e/t-km
=
7 Liquid pipelines use the unit t-km in their financed emissions calculations. This unit represents a measure of the transport of one tonne of 
goods over a distance of one kilometer
8 Huang, L., Liao Q, Liang Y , and Zhang H (2021) Carbon footprint of oil products pipeline transportation, published in Science of the Total 
Environment. 
9 U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  
76 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
 Commercial Real Estate Calculation Methodology      
Baseline emissions for this sector focus on a building’s operational activity to capture Scope 1 and Scope 
2 emissions. Where possible, and given variable constraints on emissions data, calculations capture a 
building’s energy consumption, but exclude all remaining value chain segments from scope (e.g., embodied 
emissions from construction, etc.).
The formula used to calculate a building’s operational emissions is as follows:
The financed emissions formula for the CRE Sector is as follows:
 
 with c = counterparty
with a = asset
External Data Inputs for Commercial Real Estate
Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor (CRREM) Emissions Data
Building emissions data was derived predominately from the CRREM module, which includes emissions 
information for approximately 11 different property types across 44 different countries. The data is derived 
from 2018 actual emissions, projecting emissions intensities until 2050 by property type and location. In the 
absence of actual emissions, we leveraged a property and location crosswalk to triangulate the appropriate 
CRREM emissions factor by property type and location to apply against Gross Floor Area (GFA). This 
approach was used to determine the estimated building emissions of a property for the year 2020.
CRREM does not segregate Scope 1 and 2 emissions from its intensity metrics. CRREM’s emissions factor 
includes fugitive leaks, unlike other readily available emission factors. Further information on the CRREM 
Methodology can be sourced in their methodology documents11,12.
To validate CRREM emission disclosures, a comparison was performed using EPA emission factors derived 
from EIA CBECS and RECS consumption data. This comparison largely confirmed that estimated emissions 
leveraging CRREM in the U.S. were within range of the EIA’s database.
Though CRE uses an asset level approach, to remain consistent with other sectors, GHG emissions are 
pulled for CY2020. In FY2021, CRREM emissions for CY2020 were matched to all properties.
10 Emission factors leveraged for the calculation include: CRREM and EIA/EPA. Both sources utilize property-specific and location-specific 
consumption to triangulate an appropriate metric. 
11 CRREM Risk Assessment Reference Guide
12 CRREM Downscaling and Assessment Methodology
Building Operational Emissions XEmissions Factor(10) Gross Floor Area=
=Financed Emissions ∑
c
Committed Amountc
∑ Value at Originationa
∑
a
X  (Gross Floor Areaa X Emissions Factor(10)
a )
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 77
EIA Commercial Building Energy Consumption Survey (CBECS) and Residential Energy Consumption 
Survey (RECS)
To supplement CRREM, as well as create average properties where Gross Floor Area (GFA) was unavailable 
within datasets, the U.S. Energy Information Agency (EIA)’s Commercial Building Energy Consumption 
Survey, known as CBECS and Residential Energy Consumption Survey, or RECs, was leveraged to 
supplement data gaps around properties from Citi’s internal databases and provide a U.S.-centric 
emission factors. This approach was used to provide more granularity to U.S. property pathways than 
CRREM accounts for . The data is derived from 2018 building consumption for CBECS and 2015 building 
consumption for RECS. In the absence of actual emissions, Citi property data leverage a property and 
location crosswalk to triangulate the appropriate EIA CBECS/RECS building average and census region to 
apply against GFA. This approach was used to determine the estimated building emissions of a property for 
the year 2020.
Focusing on the methodology to supplement data gaps, CBECS and RECS property data points were used 
to develop a Whole Building Methodology by U.S. census region, deriving a property type and/or property 
sub-type to source the average GFA by census region. Where floor area is unavailable, building emissions 
will be estimated using a Whole Building Approach, resulting in a PCAF data quality Score 5.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Emission Factors
In conjunction with the EIA CBECS and RECS average property types, where a regional census region 
approach could be applied, EPA emission factors were developed to provide a more accurate estimation 
of the U.S. portfolio. Property- and state-specific emissions factors were developed through a geographic 
crosswalk, which aligned the eGRID electricity data and EIA combustion data by state to U.S. Census region. 
These electricity and fuel consumption by property type and census region were then converted using EPA 
emission factors. Scope 1 & 2 emission intensities were then summed by property type and census region 
and then applied to their relevant properties.
Sector Intensity Calculation Methodology       
Sectoral emissions intensity metrics were calculated for our portfolios in all covered sectors:  Auto 
Manufacturing, Commercial Real Estate, Energy, Power , Steel and Thermal Coal Mining. 
The Power and Energy portfolio intensity metrics are inclusive of our commercial and project finance 
loans. For all sectors, portfolio-weighted physical intensity was calculated as the sum of parent company 
emissions intensities, weighted by the parent-level committed exposure as a percentage of total portfolio-
level committed exposure. The physical emissions intensity metric, by sector is as follows: 
 
 
 
78 | TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO
For the Power sector , FY2020 electricity generation information is sourced through CDP and S&P Global 
Trucost and project operating information is sourced from annual credit reports and public company 
disclosures.
Energy sector company oil and gas production for FY2020 is primarily sourced through Wood Mackenzie 
data and from the EPA Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (GHGRP). 
Auto sector local make production figures for FY2020 is sourced from LMC Automotive, a GlobalData 
Company data. This data provides information about vehicle powertrain, annual volumes projected beyond 
2030 and other vehicle information pertaining to production location and vehicle body type.
Coal sector production information is sourced from public company disclosures.
Through the SSP, for the Steel sector , we will receive crude steel production and emissions data from a 
third-party data provider , CRU to calculate the climate alignment score.
 Sustainable STEEL Principles Climate Alignment Score 
Methodology       
For further details on the Sustainable Steel Principles and its methodology, please see here.
Sector Physical Intensity Metric 
Auto 
Manufacturing
Grams of CO2e emitted for each lifetime vehicle kilometer (g CO2e/km) for each company (Scopes 
1-3)
Commercial 
Real Estate
Kilograms of CO2e emitted for each square meter (kg CO2e/m2) for each property (Scopes 1-2)
Energy Kilograms of CO2e emitted for each MJ produced (kg CO2e/MJ) for each company or project 
(Scopes 1-3)
Power Kilograms of CO2e emitted for each MWh produced (kg CO2e/MWh) for each company or project 
(Scope 1)
Steel Kilograms of CO2e emitted for each ton of steel produced (kg CO2e/ton) for each company, 
weighted by primary or secondary production to calculate a Climate Alignment Score (Scopes 1-3)
Thermal Coal 
Mining
Kilograms of CO2e emitted for each short ton produced (kg CO2e/short ton) for each company 
(Scopes 1-3)
TCFD REPORT 2022: CITI’S APPROACH TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND NET ZERO | 79
© 2023 Citigroup Inc.
Citi, Citi with Arc Design and Citibank are trademarks and servicemarks of Citigroup, Inc.
(and its affiliates) and are used and  registered throughout the world.

