 
TCFD Report 2022
Mizuho Financial Group
 
-2- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
Date of issue: June 2022 (The English version has been released in July 2022)  
Table of contents 
 
4 
 
6 
1. Most recent key areas of progress ...................................................................................................... 6 
2. Status of Mizuho’s response to TCFD Recommendations (Executive Summary) ......................... 7 
3. Roadmap for achieving net zero by 2050 .......................................................................................... 11 
4. Our initiatives thus far ........................................................................................................................ 12 
 
14 
1. Corporate governance related to climate change ........................................................................... 14 
2. Climate change-related promotion structure (business execution line) ...................................... 19 
3. Corporate officer remuneration ......................................................................................................... 19 
 
21 
1. Approach to climate change and plans ............................................................................................ 21 
2. Achieving net zero ............................................................................................................................... 23 
3. Recognizing the opportunities created for the Mizuho group by climate change ....................... 29 
4. Risks posed to the Mizuho group by climate change ..................................................................... 37 
5. Scenario analysis ................................................................................................................................ 39 
 
48 
1. Risk management framework for climate-related risks .................................................................. 48 
2. Management of top risks .................................................................................................................... 49 
3. Risk control in carbon-related sectors ............................................................................................. 50 
4. Financing and investment accounting for climate-related risks ................................................... 55 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Message from the Group CEO 
2. Overview / Introduction 
 3. Governance 
4. Strategy 
5. Risk management 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -3- 
 
 
58 
1. Overview of metrics and targets ........................................................................................................ 58 
2. Details about metric and target items ............................................................................................... 59 
3. Measurement of financed emissions based on PCAF. .................................................................... 61 
4. Scope 3 (GHG emissions from financing and investment) target setting .................................... 67 
 
68 
 
69 
1. Details of measurement standards for Scope 3 emissions ............................................................ 69 
2. Overview of our Environmental and Social Management Policy 
for Financing and Investment Activity (complete) ......................................................................... 73 
 
  
6. Metrics and targets 
7. Conclusion 
8. Appendix 
 
-4- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
 
Climate change is a crucial global issue, one we must 
solve to continue living securely on our planet and look 
forward to a brighter future. Mizuho has included 
responding to climate change as a key pillar of our 
business strategy, and we are harnessing our group’s 
capabilities to contribute to the achievement of a low-
carbon society by 2050. 
 
In recent years, action on climate change has progressed 
rapidly, bringing with it considerable transformation. The 
UN Climate Change Conference in Glasgow (COP26) last 
year saw the adoption of the Glasgow Climate Pact, which 
reaffirms the goal of “pursuing efforts to limit the 
temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels”. 
The trend towards a low-carbon society is gaining even 
greater momentum and becoming an irreversible structural 
change. Alongside our clients in industry and our fellow 
financial institutions, we have been making ceaseless 
efforts to respond to it. 
 
In order for us to make progress with our clients toward 
our shared goals of achieving a low-carbon society and 
sustainable development, our business execution and 
supervisory lines have sought advice from outside experts 
and engaged in thorough discussions, which have led us to clarify our goal of reaching net zero by 2050 and 
our actions for this goal. While aiming for an orderly, just transition, we will pursue efforts to limit the 
temperature increase to 1.5°C. 
 
In this regard, one of the major roles we have to play as a financial institution is to support our clients in 
introducing climate change countermeasures and transitioning to a low-carbon society. The road to transition 
will vary by business location and industry type. There is also a need to give adequate consideration to 
important issues such as energy security and stable power supply. At Mizuho, we understand that our 
stakeholders, most prominently our clients, find themselves in differing environments and situations. We are 
taking these into account together with the required transition time frame, the underlying science, and the 
impacts on the economy and society and moving forward our transition support initiatives. 
 
Key to this is constructive dialogue with our clients, also known as engagement, and a combination of 
financial and non-financial support. We are capable of working with our clients to design comprehensive 
strategies for transitioning to a low-carbon society, based on a deep understanding of their challenges and 
needs, and our strength lies in providing optimal solutions to our clients by seamlessly connecting the wide-
ranging functions of our group companies in banking, trust banking, securities, asset management, leasing, 
and consulting. Maximizing our capabilities to support our clients’ strategies for decarbonization is our 
responsibility and mission. 
 
Effective government policies and the development of next-generation technology are essential for the 
transition to net-zero emissions. For industry, particularly carbon-intensive sectors, a steady transition entails 
massive capital demands, which must be met. Mizuho has been advancing innovative initiatives in this area. 
For example, we have been supporting development of technology in the proof-of-concept trial phase through 
a transition investment budget. We have also been a front-runner in developing the fields of sustainable 
finance, in which we are aiming to provide a total of ¥25 trillion by 2030, and transition finance, which has 
1. Message from the Group CEO 

  
TCFD Report 2022  -5- 
 
been garnering greater attention. Another part of our role in promoting an orderly transition has been to act as 
a catalyst, cooperating with all stakeholders across the public and private sectors to tackle a range of issues. 
 
To demonstrate our strong dedication to such a transition, we have brought forward our target for our group’s 
greenhouse gas emissions by 20 years, committing to becoming carbon neutral by FY2030. Further, in Scope 
3 emissions, which are the most critical for financial institutions, we have set an FY2030 target for the electric 
power sector as a mid-term target towards achieving net zero by 2050. Our clients’ transition progress will be 
the driver to achieve this target, and we will work together with our clients towards the shared goal of 
achieving a low-carbon society and sustainable development. 
 
Mizuho has made creating lasting value for our customers and the economies and communities in which we 
operate a part of our Corporate Philosophy. Under my leadership, we will continue to positively contribute to 
resolving climate change and other social issues as a united group, and we will aim to create value for the 
environment, economy, industry, and society while simultaneously enhancing the value of Mizuho. 
 
 
 
Masahiro Kihara 
President & Group CEO 
Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. 
  
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-6- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
 
1. Most recent key areas of progress 
At Mizuho, based on our awareness that climate change is one of the most crucial global issues having the potential to impact the 
stability of financial markets, we have positioned addressing climate change as a key part of our corporate strategy and are 
strengthening our initiatives. 
 
Our progress regarding the FY2021 action plan is as follows. 
Thematic 
areas FY2021 action plan Key progress Pages 
Governance • Report on the status of 
responses to TCFD 
Recommendations to the 
Board of Directors on an 
annual basis. 
• Gradually develop a pathway 
towards our long-term goal of 
being aligned with the targets 
in the Paris Agreement. 
• Ensured regular reporting and discussion across the business 
execution and supervisory lines, including the Sustainability 
Promotion Committee (newly established), Executive 
Management Committee, Risk Committee, and Board of 
Directors. Adjusted and clarified the group’s climate change 
response stance. 
• Revised Scope 1 and 2 targets and set new Scope 3 target (for 
the electric power sector) in light of our participation in 
international initiatives (such as the Net Zero Banking Alliance 
(NZBA) and Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials 
(PCAF)) and our new policies (Mizuho’s Approach to Achieving 
Net Zero by 2050 and the Net Zero Transition Plan). 
14 – 19 
 
 
 
 
 
12 – 13, 
21 – 26 
Strategy • Implement initiatives reflecting 
climate-related risks and 
opportunities. 
• Look into methods for 
assessing the impacts climate-
related matters will have on our 
strategy and finances. 
• Expand the sectors and 
regions under consideration in 
our scenario analysis and 
incorporate the analysis results 
into our strategy and risk 
management. 
• Updated risks and opportunities. Focused on support for clients’ 
decarbonization and climate change countermeasures, with 
engagement as a starting point. 
• Continued to consider the cross-industry metrics and financial 
impacts stated in the revised TCFD guidance. Quantified 
opportunities (market scale) and also calculated amount of 
impacts on credit costs using scenario analysis. 
• Enhanced scenario analysis: For transition risk, analyzed with 
1.5°C scenario and added steel sector. For physical risk, 
reevaluated acute risks. 
37 – 38, 
31 – 34 
 
29 – 30, 
39 – 47 
 
 
39 – 47 
Risk 
management 
• Review framework for 
identifying and assessing risk, 
enhance monitoring, and 
continuously review financing 
and investment policy. 
• Improve effectiveness of 
engagement based on 
coordination between the first 
and second lines of defense by 
utilizing a risk assessment and 
control framework for carbon-
related credit exposure. 
• Enhanced climate-related risk management. 
- Increasing severity of climate change impacts designated as 
a top risk. Changes in the external business environment and 
status of control on carbon-related credit exposure now 
presented to executive management on a quarterly basis. 
- Strengthened risk control in carbon-related sectors: Added 
steel and cement to targeted sectors, strengthened response 
in the case of client engagement being ineffective. 
- Revised Environmental and Social Management Policy for 
Financing and Investment Activity: Strengthened policies on 
transition risk sectors, the coal-fired power generation and 
thermal coal mining sectors, and others. 
• Expanded engagement (approx. 2,300 companies in total) and 
clarified frequency and standards for confirming transition risk 
response. 
 
49 
 
 
 
 
50 – 54 
  
 
55 – 57 
 
  
 
31 – 34 
Metrics and 
targets 
• Look into expanding disclosure 
on our responses to transition 
risk. 
• Look into actions reflecting 
trends in various initiatives. 
• Look into measurement of 
Scope 3 emissions and 
quantitative target setting. 
• Disclosed progress of transition risk response among clients in 
the electric power and resources sectors. 
• Tracked international trends and accounted for them in metric 
and target setting by participating in various initiatives (e.g. 
NZBA, Net Zero Asset Managers (NZAM), PCAF). 
• Scope 3: Expanded disclosure of financed emissions 
measurements based on PCAF and set FY2030 target for the 
electric power sector.  
• Scope 1 and 2: Brought forward target date for becoming 
carbon neutral to FY2030. 
53 – 54 
 
27 – 28, 
66 
 
61 – 65, 
23 – 26 
2. Overview / Introduction 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -7- 
 
2. Status of Mizuho’s response to TCFD Recommendations (Executive Summary)  
(Underlined portions indicate initiatives that we have enhanced since our previous disclosure in June 2021.) 
Governance Disclose the organization’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities. 
 Clarified Mizuho’s stance on climate change, our aims and actions, and our medium- to long-term strategy 
and initiatives through our Environmental Policy, Mizuho’s Approach to Achieving Net Zero by 2050, and 
Net Zero Transition Plan, which were approved by the Board of Directors. 
 We built a supervision  and business execution governance framework that centers on the Board of 
Directors.  
Supervision: The Board of Directors and Risk Committee conduct oversight regarding information that is 
reported to them and deliberated following discussions at the business execution line. 
Business execution: The Sustainability Promotion Committee (established in FY2021) , Risk Management 
Committee, and Executive Management Committee regularly deliberate and discuss, then report to the 
Board of Directors. The Group Chief Strategy Officer and Group Chief Risk Officer move forward initiatives 
in each field under the management of the Group CEO. 
 We have established a Climate Change Response Taskforce and five working groups (new i n FY2022) to 
enhance our promotion structure. 
 Remuneration for corporate officers reflects the status of sustainability initiatives (including initiatives 
addressing climate change). In FY2022, we began utilizing external evaluations from ESG evaluation 
agencies. 
pp. 21 – 22 
 
 
pp. 14 – 20 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
p. 19 
 
pp. 19 – 20 
 
Strategy Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate -related risks and opportunities on the organization’s 
businesses, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material. 
 We have formulated the Net Zero Transition Plan , which clarifies our medium - to long-term strategy and 
initiatives (April 2022). 
1. Net-zero greenhouse gas emissions: Become carbon neutral for Scope 1 and 2 (emissions from our 
own business activities) by FY2030, achieve net zero by 2050 for Scope 3 (emissions from financing 
and investment), and begin setting mid-term targets for Scope 3. 
2. Strengthening low-carbon business: Strengthen our support for the transition to a low-carbon society by 
engaging with clients and providing financial and non-financial solutions. 
3. Improving climate- related risk management: C ontinually enhance risk management frameworks and 
policies that aim to create a business base resilient to climate change impacts. 
4. Strengthening our stance: Strengthen our stance on achieving net zero group- wide, focus on 
participating in international initiatives and coordinating with stakeholders. 
 Risks and opportunities / responses: 
- We see client investment in technological and business model development that leads to decarbonization 
as an opportunity for Mizuho. 
With engagement (constructive dialogue) as a starting point, we are supporting our clients’ transition to a 
low-carbon society and their climate change countermeasures. 
 Engagement with clients: Engaged with approx. 1,000 companies from the perspective of responsible 
financing and investment and with approx. 1,300 companies to promote clients’ sustainability initiatives. 
 Provision of sustainable finance: FY2019 to  FY2021 total of ¥13.1 trillion (of which ¥4.6 trillion in 
environmental finance). 
 Development and provision of new solutions meeting clients’ diversifying needs. 
 Risks: 
- In terms of climate-related risks, we are taking into account both transition risks 1 and physical risks 2 
arising from climate change. 
- Transition risks: Credit risk related to financing and investment clients who are impacted by more stringent 
carbon taxes, fuel efficiency regulations, or other policies or by delays in shifting to low-carbon and other 
environmental technologies. Operational risk related to reputational damage from financing fossil fuel 
projects. 
- Physical risks: Acute risk in the form of  damage to our assets (such as data centers)  and to customer 
assets (such as real estate collateral), caused by extreme weather increasing the incidence of wind- and 
water-related damages . Chronic risk in the form of credit risk arising from deterioration in the macro 
economy due to increased instances of infectious disease, heatstroke, and similar. 
p. 22 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
pp. 29 – 36 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
pp. 37 – 38 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                         
1 Transition risk: Risks stemming from widespread policy, legal, technological, and market changes which occur as the result of transitioning to a 
low-carbon economy. 
2 Physical risk: Risks such as the loss or damage of assets as a direct result of climate change itself, as well as supply chain disruptions and 
other impacts as an indirect result of climate change. 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-8- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
 Scenario analysis: 
- Transition risk 
Scenario Network of Central Banks and Supervisors for Greening the Financial System (NGFS)3  
Net Zero 2050 (1.5°C) / Below 2°C / Delayed Transition / Current Policies scenarios 
Analysis 
method 
We specify a parameter for evaluating the impact of risks and opportunities faced by clients in the 
sector subject to analysis. We then analyze changes in Mizuho’s credit costs by formulating an outlook 
for the impact on clients’ financial results, based on changes to the parameter under the scenario. 
Targeted 
sectors Electric utilities, oil, gas, coal, steel, and automobile sectors (worldwide) 
Period 2050 
Credit costs 
Cumulative increase in the above sectors through 2050 (difference with Current Policies scenario) 
Net Zero 2050: ¥1.2 trillion 
Below 2°C: ¥60 billion 
Delayed Transition: ¥1.1 trillion  
Implications 
and 
necessary 
actions 
 The increase in credit costs is the total through 2050, and the impact on the Mizuho group’s finances 
is limited. 
 We confirmed the importance of moving forward a rapid and smooth transition (orderly transition) 
towards a low-carbon society. 
 We will further enhance our engagement with clients to support their progress on responding to 
climate change in an orderly fashion. 
 We will conduct scenario analysis accounting for clients ’ transition plans and apply it to more in-
depth engagement. 
- Physical risk 
Types of risk Acute risks Chronic risks 
Scenario NGFS Current Policies and Net Zero 2050 (1.5°C) 
scenarios 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 
(IPCC) 4  Representative Concentration 
Pathway (RCP) 8.5 scenario (4°C scenario) / 
RCP 2.6 scenario (2°C scenario) 
Analysis 
method 
We used a Monte Carlo simulation to calculate the 
impacts of wind- and water-related damages from 
typhoons and other storms.  
For direct impacts (impacts on asset value), we 
analyzed damage to Mizuho group assets 
(buildings, equipment) and credit costs from loss 
or damage of mortgaged real estate.  
For indirect impacts (impacts of business 
stagnation), we analyzed credit costs from 
business stagnation among our clients due to 
wind- and water-related damage. 
We analyzed the impacts on credit costs from 
changes in the macroeconomic environment 
brought about by increases in infectious 
disease (e.g. malaria, dengue) and heatstroke 
as well as by heatstroke prevention practices 
causing concomitant decreases in summer 
working hours among outdoor laborers. 
Targets of 
analysis 
Japan only, for impact of business stagnation this 
is based on the location of the company’s 
headquarters (this analysis targeted middle  
market firms and SMEs). 
Japan only 
Damage 
costs / credit 
costs 
Current Policies: Asset value impact of ¥70 billion, 
business stagnation impact of ¥130 billion, both 
total figures through 2100. 
RCP 8.5: Up to a total of ¥4 billion through 
2100. 
Implications The analysis confirmed that there will not be a significant impact compared to our income during the 
period. 
 
 
pp. 39 – 44 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
pp. 45 – 47 
 
  
                                         
3 A network of central banks and financial supervisors addressing issues such as climate change risk. Used the second iteration of the NGFS 
scenarios. 
4 Used the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report. 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -9- 
 
Risk 
management 
Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks. 
 Identification of climate-related risk and its integration into our risk appetite framework and comprehensive 
risk management 
- We are identifying transition and physical risks resulting from climate change and integrating them into 
our risk appetite framework and our comprehensive risk management framework for credit, operational, 
and other types of risk. 
 Our management of top risks 
- Under our management of “top risks ”, which are risks recogni zed by management as having major 
potential impact on Mizuho,  we position increasing severity of climate change impacts as a “top risk”. 
When we have selected a top risk, we consider additional risk control measures and report on the status 
of our response to the Board of Directors and other committees. 
 Risk control in carbon-related sectors 
- We are establishing a structure to assess risk in carbon-related sectors (electric utilities, oil, gas, coal, 
steel, and cement  sectors) along two axes —our clients’ sectors, and our clients ’ measures to address 
transition risk—in order to identify and monitor high-risk areas. 
- We control risk in high-risk areas under the following exposure control policy. 
 We are more thoroughly engaging with clients to support them in formulating effective strategies for 
transition risks, in disclosing their progress, and in embarking on business structure transformation 
towards a lower risk sector at an early stage. 
 With the aim of facilitating business structure transformation, we provide any necessary support when 
we have been able to confirm that the client has set valid targets and planned an appropriate transition 
strategy in line with international standards. 
 We carefully consider whether or not to continue our business with a client in the event that the client 
is not willing to address transition risk and has not formulated a transition strategy even one year after 
the initial engagement. 
 In this way, we are reducing our exposure over the medium to long term. 
 Environmental and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity 
- We have established and implemented a management policy for financing and investment that specifies 
projects and sectors with a particularly high likelihood of leading to adverse impacts on the environment 
and society (transition risk sectors, coal-fired power generation, thermal coal mining, oil and gas, etc.). 
- The business execution and supervisory lines periodically review changes in the external business 
environment and the outcomes of the implementation of the policy. Following this review, they revise the 
policy and improve its implementation. 
p. 48 
 
 
 
 
 
p. 49 
 
 
 
 
 
pp. 50 – 54 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
pp. 55 – 57 
  
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-10- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
Metrics and 
targets 
Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate- related risks and opportunities 
where such information is material. 
 
Main monitoring indicators Targets Recent results 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions5 
Carbon neutral by FY2030 
(Carbon neutrality to be maintained 
thereafter) 
FY2020: 169,237 tCO2 
Scope 3 (emissions from 
financing and investment) Net zero by 2050 N/A 
- Electric power sector FY2030: 138 to 232 kgCO2/MWh FY2020: 388 kgCO2/MWh 
Sustainable finance and 
environmental finance 
Total for FY2019 to FY2030: 
¥25 trillion  
(of which the target for environmental 
finance is ¥12 trillion) 
Total for FY2019 to FY2021: 
¥13.1 trillion  
(of which the results for 
environmental finance is ¥4.6 
trillion) 
Target to reduce the outstanding 
credit balance for coal-fired 
power generation facilities 
based on our Environmental and 
Social Management Policy for 
Financing and Investment 
Activity 
Reduce the FY2019 amount by 50% 
by FY2030, and achieve an 
outstanding credit balance of zero by 
FY2040 
March 31, 2022: ¥248.6 billion 
(-17.0% compared to the end of 
FY2019) 
Exposure to high-risk areas 
within transition risk sectors Reduce over the medium to long term March 31, 2022: ¥1.6 trillion 
 
pp. 58 – 67 
  
Items for disclosure aside from monitoring indicators: 
- Sector-by-sector credit exposure in line with the TCFD Recommendations 
- Greenhouse gas emissions from financing and investment (“financed emissions”) based on PCAF methodology 
  
                                         
5 Targets of analysis / scope of data collection: Seven group companies (Mizuho Financial Group, Mizuho Bank, Mizuho Trust & Banking, 
Mizuho Securities, Mizuho Research & Technologies, Asset Management One, and Mizuho Americas). 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -11- 
 
3. Roadmap for achieving net zero by 2050 
As we announced in our May 2022 press release, 6 we have brought forward our target for reducing Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions by 20 years and are now aiming to become carbon neutral by FY2030. In the area of Scope 3 emissions  
(emissions from financing and investment), we have set a mid-term target for the electric power sector. 
 
In taking concrete steps forward with our response to climate change as outlined in our Environmental Policy, we are pursuing 
efforts to limit the rise in global temper ature to 1.5°C. To this end, we have formulated Mizuho’s Approach to Achieving Net Zero 
by 2050, which demonstrates our aims and actions towards realizing a low -carbon society by 2050, and the Net Zero Transition 
Plan, which indicates the direction of our initiatives. 
 
Going forward, we will continue to strengthen various initiatives to achieve net-zero emissions. 
 
Figure 1: Roadmap for achieving net zero by 2050 
 
  
                                         
6 See our press release “Strengthening our sustainability action”, dated May 17, 2022: 
https://www.mizuhogroup.com/binaries/content/assets/pdf/mizuhoglobal/news/2022/05/20220517release_eng.pdf 
FY2022 2030 2040 2050... FY2021 FY2023
5-Year Business Plan
Achieving a low-carbon society
 Formulated Mizuho’s Approach to Achieving Net Zero by 205
 Formulated the Net Zero Transition Plan
FY2019
Promoting client decarbonization
Mizuho 
group 
reductions
Scope 1 & 2
Scope 3
FY2022
initiatives
Carbon neutral
Sustainable finance Total of ¥25 trillion2
Target year 
brought 
forward
Affiliated 
initiatives
Joined as the first Japanese 
financial institute 
PCAF Japan coalition 
chair appointment
Outstanding credit balance 
for coal-fired power 
generation facilities
Zero−50%3
Enhanced measurement and disclosure of financed emissions 
New Power sector
Setting mid-term targets
FY2024
Net zero
Deadline for
reaching mid-
term targets
New
・Net-Zero Banking Alliance
・Net Zero Asset Managers initiative
Pursuing efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C
Cumulative total of FY2021
¥13.1 trillion 
(Environment ¥4.6 trillion)
March 31,2022
Total of ¥248.6 billion
(-17.0%   )
Other sectors
By Sep 24
1 Breaking figures 2 Cumulative total from FY2019. 3 Compared to the end of FY2019.
1 2
3
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-12- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
4. Our initiatives thus far 
Over the last 20 years, Mizuho has taken part in a number of initiatives and pilot programs related to the environment and climate 
change, and we are applying the expert insights and knowledge we have gained from these experiences to moving forward our 
climate change initiatives. 
 
Engagement (constructive dialogue) with clients has been attracting greater interest as one aspect of the important role financial 
institutions have to play. We began our engagement initiatives in 2018, ahead of other  financial institutions, and have continued 
to improve on them since then. We are also improving our disclosures, having become in FY2020 the first financial services group 
in Japan to publish a TCFD Report. 
 
In FY2021, in line with our policy of positively contributing to the achievement of a low-carbon society by 2050 and of undertaking 
transformation to a portfolio aligned with the targets in the Paris Agreement, we began working toward measuring our GHG 
emissions from financing and investment and setting medium- to long-term targets. Alongside this, we joined related international 
initiatives. 
 
In July 2021, we became the first Japanese financial institution to join the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF), 
a global initiative that enables financial institutions  to measure and disclose the indirect GHG emissions of their loans and 
investments. In November 2021, we were appointed chair of the PCAF Japan coalition, which was launched by the Japanese 
financial institutions participating in PCAF. 
 
In October, we join ed the Net -Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA), an international banking initiative aiming to align lending and 
investment portfolios with net-zero GHG emissions by 2050. 
(See pages 66 and 27 for details about PCAF and the NZBA.) 
  
  
TCFD Report 2022  -13- 
 
Figure 2: Our initiatives thus far 
 
 Endorsed the Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
 Participated in Climate Action 100+ 
(Asset Management One)
 Became signatory to the UN PRI
(Asset Management One)
2018
2020
 Established the Environmental Policy
 Set targets for sustainable finance and targets to 
reduce outstanding credit balance for coal-fired power 
generation facilities
 Issued TCFD Report (the first 
for a financial group in Japan)
 Disclosed SASB Index
 Implemented fourth update to the Equator Principles 
(“EP4”) (Mizuho Bank)
 Participated in the Net Zero Asset Managers 
initiative
(Asset Management One)
2021
 Strengthened commitment and response towards 
aligning with the Paris Agreement
⁃ Revised the Environmental Policy, clarifying the 
transformation to a portfolio aligned with the targets 
in the Paris Agreement
⁃ Established new Scope 1 and 2 targets for the 
group to reduce greenhouse gas emissions
⁃ Strengthened transition risk response (developed 
risk control framework for carbon-related sectors)
 Joined the Partnership for Carbon Accounting 
Financials (PCAF) 
(first Japanese financial 
institution to join)
 Appointed as chair of 
newly established PCAF Japan coalition
 Joined the Net-Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA)
2019
 Became signatory to the UNEP FI Principles for 
Responsible Banking
 Participated in a UNEP FI TCFD pilot project
‐Started transition risk/physical risk scenario analysis
 Participated in the Science Based Target initiatives 
(SBTi) road testing
 Designated key sustainability areas (materiality) such 
as climate change in the 5-Year Business Plan
 Established the Basic Policy on Sustainability 
Initiatives
 Formulated and began carrying out a TCFD 
response action plan
 Established policies for specific sectors
 Began engagement with clients based on the above 
policies
2017
 Endorsed the Montreal Carbon Pledge (Asset 
Management One)
2015
2013
2006 Became signatory to the United
Nations Global Compact
 Became signatory to the United Nations 
Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEPFI)
 Became signatory to the UN Principles
for Responsible Investment (PRI) 
(Mizuho Trust & Banking)
2003
 Adopted Equator Principles (Mizuho Bank)
2022
 Formulated Mizuho’s Approach to Achieving Net Zero 
by 2050 and the Net Zero Transition Plan
 Brought forward Scope 1 and 2 targets:
- Carbon neutral by FY2030
 Established mid-term Scope 3 target:
‐ Electric power sector, 138 – 232 kgCO2/MWh 
by FY2030
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-14- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
 
1. Corporate governance related to climate change 
As our various climate change initiatives are deeply interrelated with sustainability promotion, risk management, and other 
areas, discussions are held at the business execution line, which includes the Sustainability Promotion Committee (established 
in January 2022), Risk Management Committee, and Executive Management Committee. Following these discussions, reports 
are made to the Board of Directors, and supervision is provided by the Board of Directors and Risk Committee in accordance 
with the structure for advancing and managing each initiative. 
 
Figure 3: Corporate governance related to climate change 
 
 
 
 
 
Board of Directors
OversightBusiness execution
Risk Committee
• Decides on establishment, amendment, and 
abolition of the Environmental Policy and on basic 
matters like business plans
• Oversees reporting on important environmental 
matters for the Mizuho group (status of 
environmental initiatives)
• Provides advice to 
the Board of 
Directors on 
responses to 
climate change
RecommendationsOversight Reporting
• Deliberates on policy, plans, and the setting of metrics 
and targets relevant to the Environmental Policy.
• Regularly reports to the Board of Directors on the 
status of environmental initiatives
• Conducts monitoring of climate change risk initiatives
Group Chief Risk Officer
(GCRO)
Audit Committee
• Plans and manages sustainability 
initiatives
• Plans and directs overall group 
business strategy and plans, as well 
as corporate resource allocation
• Manages climate-related risks via a risk 
appetite framework and comprehensive 
risk management framework
• Monitors, measures the effectiveness of 
autonomous control activities 
conducted by the first line of defense
In-house companies / units
Formulation of strategies and business plans, corporate resource allocation, performance evaluation, and 
planning and promotion of first-line autonomous controls at individual companies / units
MonitoringMonitoringMonitoring Monitoring   Checking
• Deliberates and coordinates climate change-related 
matters
Promotion
• Audits the status 
of business 
execution line’s 
initiatives
Reporting
Instructions
Group companies
Initiative implementation instructions and response
President & Group 
CEO (GCEO)
Executive Management Committee
(Chairman: GCEO)
Risk Management Committee
(Chairman: GCRO)
Sustainability Promotion Committee
(Chairman: GCEO)
• Manages initiatives
Est. 
Jan 2022
Internal Audit 
Committee 
(Chairman: GCEO)
Group Chief Strategy Officer 
(GCSO) • As a third line of defense, 
assesses the effectiveness 
and suitability of all 
processes objectively and 
comprehensively.
• Recommends improvements 
and corrections to resolve 
issues.
Group Chief Auditor
 3. Governance 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -15- 
 
Table 1: Supervisory and business execution line committees and roles related to climate change  
 Committee Structure7 Role in relation to climate 
change 
Main reports and matters to be 
determined 
Supervisory 
line 
Board of 
Directors 
Chairman: 
Outside director 
 
6 outside directors 
3 internal non-
executive directors 
3 directors who 
concurrently serve 
as executive officers 
 Based on the 
Environmental Policy, 
receives periodic reports on 
the group’s environmental 
initiatives (including on the 
status of responses to the 
TCFD) from the business 
execution line, and 
provides supervision. 
 Establishment, 
amendment, and abolition 
of important policies such 
as the Environmental 
Policy, and resolutions on 
basic matters like business 
plans. 
 Resolutions on the policies and 
plans listed below: 
- Basic Policy on Sustainability 
Initiatives 
- Environmental Policy 
- Mizuho’s Approach to Achieving 
Net Zero by 2050 
- Net Zero Transition Plan 
- Materiality (key sustainability 
areas) 
- Targets related to climate 
change 
 Status of response to TCFD. 
 Review of management system for 
responsible financing and 
investment. 
Risk 
Committee 
Chairman: 
Internal non-
executive director 
 
1 internal non-
executive director 
who serves as 
chairman 
1 outside director 
2 standing external 
experts  
As the advisory body to the 
Board of Directors, decides 
and oversees matters relating 
to risk governance, and makes 
recommendations to the 
Board of Directors regarding 
the oversight of matters 
including the status of risk 
management. 
Makes recommendations to the 
Board of Directors regarding the 
above-mentioned items to be 
resolved or reported. 
Compensation 
Committee 
Chairman: 
Outside director 
 
Outside directors 
make up all 3 
committee member 
positions, including 
the chairman 
Determines the basic policy 
for corporate officer 
compensation and the 
corporate officer 
compensation program. 
Further improves transparency of the 
basis for determining variable 
compensation, including specifying 
the components for determining 
remuneration with respect to 
sustainability. 
Audit 
Committee 
Chairman: 
Outside director 
 
3 outside directors 
including the 
chairman 
1 internal non-
executive director 
Audit of the status of business 
execution line’s initiatives. 
Monitors the status of sustainability-
related initiatives of each company / 
unit based on the audit plan. 
                                         
7 Structure as of April 2022. 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-16- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
 Committee Structure7 Role in relation to climate 
change 
Main reports and matters to be 
determined 
Business 
execution 
line 
Executive 
Management 
Committee 
Chairman: 
Group CEO 
(President & Group 
CEO) 
 Deliberates on policies, 
plans, and the setting of 
metrics and targets 
relevant to the 
Environmental Policy and 
other policies. 
 Regularly reports to the 
Board of Directors on the 
status of environmental 
initiatives. 
 Deliberation on the policies and 
plans listed below: 
- Basic Policy on Sustainability 
Initiatives 
- Environmental Policy 
- Mizuho’s Approach to Achieving 
Net Zero by 2050 
- Net Zero Transition Plan 
- Environmental and Social 
Management Policy for 
Financing and Investment 
Activity 
- Materiality (key sustainability 
areas) 
- Targets related to climate change 
 Status of response to TCFD. 
 Review of management system for 
responsible financing, investment, 
and other services. 
Risk 
Management 
Committee 
Chairman: 
Group CRO 
Monitors the status of 
initiatives addressing climate-
related risks. 
 Monitors the status of climate-
related risk initiatives based on the 
risk appetite framework and 
comprehensive risk management 
framework. 
 Monitors the status of risk control 
of top risks (increasing severity of 
climate change impacts). 
 Deliberation on the policies and 
plans listed below: 
- Environmental Policy 
- Environmental and Social 
Management Policy for 
Financing and Investment 
Activity 
 Status of response to TCFD. 
 Review of management system for 
responsible financing and 
investment. 
Sustainability 
Promotion 
Committee 
(Established 
January 2022) 
Chairman: 
Group CEO 
(President & Group 
CEO) 
External experts 
(meeting as frequently 
as needed) 
Deliberates and coordinates 
climate change-related 
matters. 
 Mizuho’s Approach to Achieving 
Net Zero by 2050. 
 Approach to setting targets for 
GHG emissions from our finance 
portfolio (Scope 3 targets). 
 Sets electric power sector targets 
and works towards achieving 
those targets. 
 Climate-related risk management 
system. 
 Environmental and Social 
Management Policy for Financing 
and Investment Activity. 
 Risk control policy for carbon-
related sectors. 
 
  
  
TCFD Report 2022  -17- 
 
(1) Status of oversight discussions 
At Board of Directors and Risk Committee meetings, constructive discussions are held with outside directors and committee 
members who have experience and expertise in the fields of sustainability and climate change. 
Status of oversight discussions related to climate change (Feedback from outside directors and Risk Committee members) 
 At present, there are many unresolved technological and fiscal issues that make it extremely difficult to achieve net zero 
by 2050. We must pool the collective strength of the Mizuho group and increase the added value of our solutions to these 
challenges. 
 In order to decarbonize the entire portfolio, it is important to support not only the efforts of large corporate clients, but also 
those of middle market firms and small- and medium-sized enterprises. 
 We must carefully consider the impact of engagement, and effective measures must be taken. 
 Regarding transition finance, it is important to both verify transition plans at the time of executing a new transaction and to 
continue to confirm the progress on the plans afterward. Furthermore, the definition of “transition” should take into account 
stricter points of view, not only from Japan, but also from Europe and other regions. 
 Regarding Japan’s efforts to address climate change risk, and taking into account global standards, it is essential to engage 
not only with corporate clients but also with governmental agencies and other stakeholders. 
 It is important for us to acquire experts in the field of sustainability as well as train current employees in these matters. 
 Regarding initiatives that are underway, it is important to conduct full disclosures while making improvements, and ensure 
understanding among our executives and employees about the status of said initiatives. 
 
 
(2) Involvement of external experts 
As mentioned above, the Risk Committee and the Sustainability Promotion Committee consult with external experts. Their 
specialist knowledge regarding sustainability and climate change is used by the committees to make recommendations to, and 
share information with, directors and executive officers. 
Risk Committee 
Rintaro Tamaki 
(standing committee member) 
(President, Japan Center for International Finance) 
Hiroshi Naka 
(standing committee member) 
(Professor, The University of T okyo Institute for Future 
Initiatives) 
Sustainability 
Promotion Committee 
Masako Konishi 
(first-time committee member)  
(Expert Director (Conservation and Energy), WWF 
Japan) 
 
  
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-18- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
(3) Establishment of the Sustainability Promotion Committee 
We established a new Sustainability Promotion Committee within our business execution line to discuss and coordinate 
sustainability-related matters based on outside experts’ advice towards further promoting sustainability across the group. 
 
The committee met two times in FY2021. The President & Group CEO, Group Chief Strategy Officer, Group Chief Risk Officer, 
and Group Chief Financial Officer; heads of related companies, units, and groups; and the presidents of principle group companies 
(Mizuho Bank, Mizuho Trust & Banking, Mizuho Securities) were in attendance and took part in discussions. Also, as mentioned 
above, we welcomed an outside expert to join and share information at the first meeting of the committee. 
 
The topics discussed are detailed below, and include Mizuho ’s Approach to Achieving Net Zero by 2050 and our climate -related 
risk management system. 
 
 
 
  
President & 
Group CEO
Executive Management 
Committee
Risk Management 
Committee
Sustainability
Promotion 
Committee
A committee which invites external experts as 
necessary and, taking external views into 
account, deliberates and coordinates 
sustainability-related matters and shares related 
information.
Objectives of newly established 
Sustainability Promotion Committee 
 Topics discussed at first meeting:
— Mizuho’s Approach to Achieving Net Zero by 
2050
— Approach to setting targets for GHG emissions 
from our finance portfolio (Scope 3 targets)
— Setting of electric power sector targets and work 
towards achieving those targets
 Topics discussed at second meeting:
— Climate-related risk management system
— Environmental and Social Management Policy for 
Financing and Investment Activity
— Risk control policy for carbon-related sectors 
Deliberation and decision-making at various 
committees that takes into account discussions 
at the Sustainability Promotion Committee
Meetings in FY2021
Chaired by the President &
Group CEO
Members:
Group Chief Strategy 
Officer
Group Chief Risk Officer
Group Chief Financial 
Officer
Other FG* and core group 
company directors, 
depending on content
External experts invited as 
necessary
Est. Jan 
2022
*FG: Mizuho Financial Group
  
TCFD Report 2022  -19- 
 
2. Climate change-related promotion structure (business execution line)  
We are strengthening and speeding up our initiatives with a view to further enhancing how climate change is addressed across 
the entire group. In FY2022, we have already launched five working groups that focus on themes relevant to our efforts. Multiple 
departments are working in partnership within these working groups. To oversee the working groups, we have also launched the 
Climate Change Response Taskforce. Reports on the progress of these initiatives will be presented at the Sustainability Promotion 
Committee, which will be attended by senior management, including the Group CEO. Matters that require decision-making will be 
settled at committee meetings as necessary. 
 
 
3. Corporate officer remuneration 
As per Mizuho group’ s corporate vision, and based on the basic management policy, we aim to realize management that 
contributes to the creation of value for various stakeholders and improve corporate value through sustainable, stable growth for 
the Mizuho group. In order to do this, officers receive remuneration, which is equivalent in value to the responsibilities they carry 
and the results they produce, while simultaneously functioning as an incentive for each officer to fulfill their role to the best of their 
ability. 
 
At Miz uho, we have positioned addressing climate change as a key part of our corporate strategy. For corporate officer 
remuneration, sustainability initiatives (including initiatives addressing climate change) that leverage evaluations compar ing 
results from previous fiscal years and other companies, and that are conducted by the four main ESG evaluation agencies,8 are 
one of the factors that decide performance-based compensation (variable compensation). 
 
 
 
 
 
                                         
8 Four main ESG evaluation agencies: S&P Dow Jones, Sustainalytics, MSCI, FTSE. 
President & Group 
CEO (GCEO)
Climate Change Response 
Taskforce
5 working groups
Management and 
reduction of Scope 1 
and 2 emissions
Response to climate-
related disclosure 
regulations
Promotion of 
decarbonization
support business
Measurement of Scope 
3 emissions and target 
setting
Business execution
Executive Management 
Committee
Risk Management 
Committee
Sustainability Promotion 
Committee
Newly established
Climate-related risk 
management / 
scenario analysis
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-20- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
 
Figure 4: Corporate officer remuneration system 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Base Salary
(Paid monthly)
Stock 
Compensation I
(Paid monthly
Paid upon 
retirement)
Performance 
Payments
Stock 
Compensation 
II
According to the functions and responsibilities of each of the Officers.
According to the functions and responsibilities of each of the Officers.
Deferred 
payment 
over three 
years for 
the portion 
above a 
certain 
amount
Deferred 
payments 
over three 
years
Fixed compensationVariable compensation*1
Type of 
compensation Composition of compensation
100％
85.0％
15.0％
Stock
Fixed compensation only
Group CEO
50.0％
50.0％
42.5％
7.5％
25.0％
25.0％
Stock
Ratio of 
Stock 
Compen‐
sation
32.5％
Example of composition of compensation
62.5％
37.5％
57.5％
5.0％
15.0％
22.5％
Group executive 
officers
Stock
Ratio of 
Stock 
Compen‐
sation
20.0％
Ratio of variable compensation/ 
stock compensation
HighLow
Non-executive 
officers 
responsible for 
management 
supervision
40％
10％Net Income Attributable to FG 
10％Consolidated ROE
30％
Quantitative
70％
Qualitative
30％
Subject to malusand clawback
2 Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
10％Expense Ratio
Consolidated Net Business Profits + Net Gains (Losses) 
related to ETFs and others
Evaluation from the perspective of increasing 
corporate value through sustainable and stable 
growth of the Group
Gross profits RORA, CET1 ratio, reduction of cross-
shareholding, TSR, quality of profits Customer 
satisfaction, employee’s engagement, and 
sustainability initiatives
Results of organization assigned for each Officers are also reflected, 
excluding Group CEO
1 Amount of compensation is determined by the Compensation Committee for each fiscal year. 
“Standard Amount” x “Corporate performance linked coefficient”
Variable compensation (0-150%)1
Performance-based compensation is determined by multiplying the base amount (decided based on the role and 
responsibilities of each corporate officer) by the performance-based attribution factor (calculated from both quantitative and 
qualitative data). 
 
Quantitative evaluation 
The evaluation is based on the target achievement rates for Consolidated Net Business Profits + Net Gains/Losses 
Related to ETFs and Others (which indicates the profitability of our core business), the Profit Attributable to Owners of 
Parent (which is the final result of business operations), and the Consolidated ROE and the Expense Ratio (which indicate 
operations efficiency). The target achievement rate for each indicator is capped at 150% and set at 0% if it falls below the 
target by a certain amount. 
 
Qualitative evaluation 
The qualitative items are evaluated comprehensively, ranging from 0 to 150%, from the perspective of increasing corporate 
value through the Mizuho group’s sustainable and stable growth, based on items that, for example, cannot be recognized 
only by target achievement rates, such as the quality of profits (which takes into account comparisons with previous years 
and other companies) and sustainability initiatives (which utilize comparisons with previous years and other 
companies that are evaluated by the four main ESG evaluation agencies (S&P Dow Jones, Sustainalytics, MSCI, 
and FTSE)). 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -21- 
 
 
1. Approach to climate change and plans 
In April 2020, we established our Environmental Policy under the Mizuho Code of Conduct in order to clarify our stance on climate 
change as well as our environmental awareness and specific actions that we will take on environmental initiatives, including those 
targeting climate change, as we work toward transitioning to a low -carbon society. We have been implementing such initiatives 
on a group-wide basis. In April 2021, we revised our Environmental  Policy, clarifying our contribution to achieving a low -carbon 
society by 2050, our support for the objective of the Paris Agreement, and our transformation to a portfolio aligned with the targets 
in the Paris Agreement. 
 
In taking concrete steps forward w ith our response to climate change as outlined in our Environmental Policy, we are pursuing 
efforts to limit the rise in global temperature to 1.5°C. To this end, we formulated Mizuho’ s Approach to Achieving Net Zero by 
2050, which demonstrates our aims and actions towards realizing a low-carbon society by 2050, and the Net Zero Transition Plan, 
which indicates the direction of our initiatives. 
 
Based on these policies and plans, we are implementing initiatives responding to climate change, including supporting our clients’ 
efforts to transition to a low-carbon society, and are disclosing information in line with the TCFD Recommendations. 
 
Environmental Policy (excerpt) 
Efforts to address climate change 
 
We recognize climate change as one of the most crucial global issues with the potential to impact the stability of financial 
markets, representing a threat to the environment, society, people’s lifestyles, and businesses. 
 
At the same time, we believe there are new business opportunities arising from t he need to transition to a low -carbon 
society, such as the field of renewable energy and other businesses and innovations which contribute to mitigating and 
adapting to the impact of climate change. 
 
Mizuho supports the Paris Agreement’s objective to “strengthen the global response to the threat of climate change”. 
 
In light of this, we have included responding to climate change as a key pillar of our business strategy and will take the 
following actions in order to proactively fulfill our role as a financial services group in the effort to achieve a low -carbon 
society (achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions) and to develop a climate change-resilient society by 2050. 
 We are directing finance flows towards achievement of the Paris Agreement targets to limit the global average 
temperature rise, and we are undertaking phased transformation to a finance portfolio aligned with said targets. 
 We will engage in proactive, constructive dialogue in response to our clients’ individual concerns and needs, and in 
support of their efforts to introduce climate change countermeasures and transition to a low-carbon society in both 
the medium and long term. 
 We will proactively develop and offer financial products and services designed to support clients’ efforts to introduce 
climate change countermeasures and transition to a low-carbon society. 
 We understand the importance of climate-related financial disclosures, and we utilize the framework under the 
Recommendations of the TCFD in order to leverage growth opportunities and strengthen risk management as well 
as disclose information in a transparent manner regarding our progress. 
 
Mizuho’s Approach to Achieving Net Zero by 2050 (Formulated in April 2022) 
Mizuho’s goal 
Climate change is one of the most important global issues, and it cannot be addressed unless all countries and all 
stakeholders make efforts to reach the same targets. It is necessary that responses to climate change be based on the best 
available science, including the expertise of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). 
 
4. Strategy 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-22- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
Mizuho recognizes that the impact of climate change would be much less if the global temperature were to increase by 
1.5°C instead of 2°C. We believe that the next ten years will be crucial in terms of limiting the rise in temperature to the 
1.5°C target. This is why we are pursuing efforts to limit the temperature increase to this amount. As part of such efforts, 
Mizuho is aiming to become carbon neutral for Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by FY2030, and to reduce 
Scope 3 GHG emissions produced via our finance portfolio to net zero by 2050. 
 
We recognize that abrupt, disorderly changes can have severe economic and societal impacts. Accordingly, at Mizuho, we 
are aiming for an orderly, just transition. 
 
Mizuho’s steps to achieving net-zero emissions 
At Mizuho, we recognize the importance of the role financial institutions play in achieving a net-zero real economy. Financial 
institutions should support clients’ climate change countermeasures and the transition to a low-carbon society. This support 
should be grounded in an understanding that the transition process will differ by location and industry type. In order for us  
to fulfil our role as a financial institution, Mizuho conducts engagement with clients and requests that they share their 
transition strategies. Through this client engagement, we confirm the status of our clients’ transition strategies and provide 
clients with support that facilitates the execution of said strategies. If a client shows no progress towards strategy execution 
despite multiple efforts to engage them to do so, we carefully consider whether or not to continue our business with them. 
 
The road to net zero will vary by business location and industry type. Strong national leadership with effective policies and 
the establishment of next-generation technology are essential in speeding up the transition towards net-zero emissions. At 
present, there is a gap between, on the one hand, current commitments, government policy, and technology, and on the 
other hand, the road to limiting the global temperature increase to 1.5°C. At Mizuho, we believe we must work together with 
stakeholders to bridge this gap. Mizuho supports government policy aimed at an orderly transition in the jurisdictions where 
we operate. We do this through our business activities across regions and economies, industry groups, and initiatives. We 
also proactively support the development and application of innovative, clean, next-generation technology. 
 
Further, Mizuho is continually enhancing our climate risk management for the purpose of stabilizing financial markets. In 
these ways, we are contributing to the achievement of a low -carbon society and the development of a climate change -
resilient society by 2050. 
 
Table 2: Net Zero Transition Plan (Formulated in April 2022) 
Net-zero 
GHG 
emissions 
 Scope 1 & 2: Mizuho group GHG emissions to be carbon neutral by FY2030. 
 Scope 3: GHG emissions resulting from our financing and investment. 
- Begin process of setting mid-term targets (to be reached by FY2030) in order to achieve net zero by 
FY2050. 
- Enhance measurement and disclosure of financed emissions. 
Strengthen 
low-carbon 
business 
 Strengthen our support for the transition to a low-carbon society by engaging with clients and providing 
financial and non-financial solutions. 
- Implement sustainable finance (total of ¥25 trillion by FY2030). 
- Improve our ability to provide value chain / entire supply chain solutions. 
- Support innovation that contributes to decarbonization. 
Enhance 
climate-
related risk 
management 
 Continually enhance risk management frameworks and policies that aim to create a business base 
resilient to climate change-related developments. 
- Continually review our carbon-related sector risk exposure control policy and our Environmental and 
Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity, and make efforts toward risk 
quantification. 
Strengthen 
our stance 
 Strengthen our stance on achieving net zero. 
 Participate in international initiatives and strengthen coordination with diverse stakeholders. 
  
  
TCFD Report 2022  -23- 
 
2. Achieving net zero 
(1) Approach to Scope 3 targets (electric power) and strategy for achieving targets 
We have a long-term goal of achieving net-zero GHG emissions from financing and investment by 2050. To make the pathway to 
reaching this goal more tangible, we are pressing forward with setting sector-specific mid-term targets (to be reached by FY2030), 
starting with priority sectors. 
 
Mizuho’s first mid -term targets were set for the electric power sector. These targets were formulated based on the NZBA ’s 
Guidelines for Climate Target Setting for Banks, discussed at Mizuho Financial Group’s Executive Management Committee, and 
approved by the Board of Directors. 
 
Metric GHG emission intensity (kgCO2/MWh) (GHG emissions per unit of power generated) 
 
Targeted 
emissions 
GHG emissions (Scope 1) from power generation projects belonging electric power sector 
corporations and ventures 
Targeted power 
generation Actual annual power generation from power sector corporations and ventures 
Targeted assets Loans (Total across corporate finance and project finance)9 
Metric formula 
 
Target year Base year: FY2020  Target year: FY2030  
Base year results FY2020 emission intensity of 388 kgCO2/MWh 
Benchmark 
scenarios 
1. IEA Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario (NZE)10 
(Scenario formulated under the assumption that worldwide GHG emissions are reduced to net 
zero by 2050.) 
2. IEA Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS)10 
(Scenario which sees a 67% probability of limiting the rise in temperature to under 1.8°C, and a 
50% probability of limiting the rise to 1.65°C. This scenario offers a gateway to the outcomes 
targeted in the Paris Agreement.) 
Numerical target 
 (range) 
FY2030 emission intensity of 138 to 232 kgCO2/MWh 
(Reduction of 40% to 65% compared to FY2020 results.) 
 
  
                                         
9 This includes foreign exchange assets, acceptances, and guarantees. Combined figures for Mizuho Bank and Mizuho Trust & Banking. 
10 International Energy Agency’s World Energy Outlook 2021. 
Σ [GHG emission intensity from company power generation  x  outstanding company loan balance] 
Overall power sector outstanding loan balance 
Total weighted average is calculated from Mizuho’s loan balance and the emission intensity of corporations and ventures . 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-24- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
a. Approach to setting electric power sector targets 
Basis for selecting 
the electric power 
sector 
 We recognize that the decarbonization of power generation is essential to the decarbonization of 
society and industries as a whole, and that it is important to reduce the emission intensity of 
power generation projects through actions like supporting the widespread adoption of renewable 
energy and the development and practical application of next-generation technology. 
 Emissions from the electric power sector make up a large proportion of emissions from Mizuho’s 
financing and investments. (Detailed explanation on p. 61: Measurement of financed emissions 
based on PCAF) 
 Mizuho has appointed companies whose primary businesses are in coal-, oil-, or gas-fired power 
generation as belonging to transition risk sectors. Focusing on the medium to long term, we are 
formulating policies to support these companies in their climate change countermeasures and 
transition to a low-carbon society. 
 Progress is being made in the electric power sector in establishing GHG emission disclosures, 
transition pathways to net zero by 2050, and a variety of international guidance. 
Approach to metrics 
and emission 
intensity 
Targets are measured in emission intensity (GHG emissions per unit of power generated) for the 
reasons below. 
 It is important to reduce the emission intensity of power generation projects through actions like 
supporting the widespread adoption of renewable energy and the development and practical 
application of next-generation technology in order to achieve the decarbonization of society and 
industries as a whole. 
 As part of the process of transitioning to a low-carbon society, the growing energy demand in 
emerging economies and the promotion of electrification has made it necessary to respond to an 
increase in demand for electric power. 
 If targets were set based on absolute emissions, there is a possibility that finance flows intended 
for the growth and expansion of power generation projects with low emission factors could be 
impeded. 
Target applicability 
 Targets apply to Scope 1 GHG emissions from power generation projects. These projects are 
responsible for the majority of emissions from the electric power sector. 
 Out of the electric power sector companies (companies whose main business is electric power11) 
in Mizuho’s finance portfolio, targets apply to corporate finance for companies with power 
generation projects and project finance for power generation projects. 
Note: Includes close to 100% of targeted project.  
The NZBA stipulates that companies receiving more than 5% of their revenue from power 
generation projects should fall within the scope of these targets. There is currently no set method 
for specifying the applicability of companies, and this is an issue for future consideration. 
Approach to 
benchmark 
scenarios 
 In line with the Paris Agreement, we are pursuing efforts to hold the increase in the global 
average temperature to well below 2°C and to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C. 
Accordingly, we have set a targeted value range. 
 Because the NZBA, with regard to scenario selection, requires that scenarios limit end-of-century 
global temperature increase to 1.5°C, that the scenarios selected be “no-overshoot” or “low-
overshoot” scenarios, and that the scenarios come from credible, well-recognized sources, we 
have selected the IEA scenarios below. 
1. Minimum value: 138 kgCO2/MWh 
In alignment with the IEA’s NZE scenario, which sees the rise in temperature limited to 1.5°C. 
This is the level we should aim for in order to pursue efforts to limit temperature increase to 
1.5°C. 
2. Maximum value: 232 kgCO2/MWh 
In alignment with the IEA’s SDS Scenario, which sees a 67% probability of limiting the rise in 
temperature to under 1.8°C, and a 50% probability of limiting the rise to 1.65°C. 
The road to net zero by 2050 will vary by business location, and so targets should be set with 
consideration for region-specific characteristics and support for the achievement of Nationally 
Determined Contributions (NDCs). For this reason, country-specific SDS scenarios are 
calculated using country-specific portfolios, and targets are set accordingly. 
                                         
11 Sectors are determined based on which sector represents the largest component in the sales of a company’s business activities. Regarding 
our classification method, we determine sectors based on the industry type classification established by the Bank of Japan. 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -25- 
 
Data source 
 Information disclosed by clients, Bloomberg, meeting discussion points, etc. 
For companies that do not calculate or disclose GHG emissions (which represent 13% of the total 
amount of targeted electric power sector loans), we estimated the base year results using the 
emission factor for the company’s host country. Ascertaining accurate emission data is an issue 
for future consideration. 
 
b. Efforts to achieve electric power sector targets 
Mizuho will treat the steps to achieving net-zero emissions set out in Mizuho’s Approach to Achieving Net Zero by 2050 as guiding 
principles when making efforts to achieve our mid-term targets by 2030. 
 
We will implement the electric power sector initiatives listed below. 
Strengthen 
engagement and 
support transition 
 Provide both financial and non-financial solutions, starting with engagement to help clients 
reduce their emission intensity by facilitating their business structure transformation and 
transition risk responses. 
- Leverage Mizuho’s strengths, such as industry expertise and ESG consulting, to support 
the planning and execution of clients’ transition strategies. Promote transition finance in 
order to provide financing for such transitions. 
Promote sustainable 
finance and 
environmental 
finance 
 Promote sustainable finance and environmental finance. 
- Target: FY2019 to FY2030 total of ¥25 trillion (of which, ¥12 trillion in environmental 
finance) 
- Provide environmental conservation and climate change response financing through 
initiatives including project finance for renewable energy, green loans, and green bonds. 
Support the 
development and 
practical application 
of next-generation 
technology 
 Proactively support the development and practical application of next-generation technology. 
- April 2022: Set an investment budget for transition areas. Commenced operations with an 
expected investment budget of over ¥50 billion. 
Reduce credit 
balance for coal-
fired power 
generation facilities 
 Prohibit financing or investment for use in the new construction of coal-fired power plants and 
the expansion of existing facilities. 
 Target to reduce the outstanding credit balance for coal-fired power generation facilities based 
on our Environmental and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity: 
- Reduce the FY2019 amount by 50% by FY2030, and achieve an outstanding credit 
balance of zero by FY2040. 
Strengthening risk 
management 
 Risk management based on risk control in carbon-related sectors. 
- Appoint companies whose primary businesses are in coal-, oil-, or gas-fired power 
generation as belonging to transition risk sectors. 
- Confirm the status of our clients’ measures to address transition risk at least once a year 
through engagement. Encourage clients to formulate transition strategies, set quantitative 
targets, and execute detailed plans. 
 
  
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-26- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
(2) Strategy for achieving Scope 1 and 2 targets 
In April 2022, Mizuho revised our Scope 1 and 2 targets for GHG emissions from seven group companies in and outside Japan, 
and we brought forward our target date for becoming carbon neutral from FY2050 to FY2030. 
New target for GHG emissions from seven group companies12 in and outside Japan (Scope 1 and 2):  
Carbon neutral by FY2030 (Carbon neutrality to be maintained thereafter) 
Emissions from electricity usage in Japan account for approximately 80% of CO2 emissions across the seven group companies 
(Scope 2 emissions). As a first step towards achieving our targets, we will proceed with gradually shifting our power contrac ts in 
Japan to renewable energy, giving priority to our large- scale contract properties. Furthermore, regardi ng properties that a group 
company occupies as a tenant, we will aim to shift power contracts to those that are in effect using renewable energy options by 
approaching the topic with the owner. At the same time, we will consider the introduct ion of corporate p ower purchase 
agreements.13 
 
We will also continue to consider methods that can directly reduce Scope 1 emissions, such as the adoption of electric vehicles. 
 
While a number of our offices outside of Japan are already making use of renewable energy, we will press forward with the shift 
to renewable energy using available methods in accordance with the local conditions at each individual office. 
 
Table 3: Progress towards achieving our Scope 1 and 2 targets and our policy going forward  
Progress Policy going forward 
Switch to renewable energy 
• Considering how to make use of renewable energy  
in order to revise targets. 
• Adopting renewable energy at some offices in Japan. 
• Switching to renewable energy at some offices  
in Europe. 
In Japan 
Handling Scope 2 emissions (Switch to renewable 
energy) 
• Gradually shift our power contracts in Japan to 
renewable energy. 
• In cases where Mizuho is a tenant and has not entered 
directly into a power contract, approach owners about 
shifting power contracts to renewable energy. 
• Consider / implement corporate power purchase 
agreements. 
Handling Scope 1 emissions (Switch to electric vehicles 
(EVs)) 
• Consider adoption of EVs. 
Outside of Japan 
• Promote shift to renewable energy using available 
methods in accordance with the circumstances at each 
department, branch, and office. 
 
                                         
12 Mizuho Financial Group, Mizuho Bank, Mizuho Trust & Banking, Mizuho Securities, Mizuho Research & Technologies, Asset Management 
One, and Mizuho Americas. 
13 When a company (or consumer) enters into a long-term power purchase agreement directly with an independent power company. 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -27- 
 
 
Participation in the NZBA and NZAM 
Mizuho is participating in international initiatives that come under the umbrella of the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net-Zero 
(GFANZ), which aims to reach net zero by 2050. As such, we are advancing initiatives in collaboration with financial institutions 
from around the world. Mizuho Financial Group has joined the NZBA, and Asset Management One has joined the NZAM. 
 
 
 
(1) Participation in the NZBA 
The Net-Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA) is an international initiative between banks aiming to align their lending and investment 
portfolios with net -zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. The United Nations Environment Program Finance Initiative 
(UNEP FI) was established in April 2021, and Mizuho Financial Group joined the initiative in October 2021.  As of April 2022, 
108 banks representing 40 countries have joined the NZBA, representing 38% of global banking assets. NZBA member banks 
take the following actions. 
 
 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
Commitment by members of the Net-Zero Banking Alliance (outline) 
Main actions of Net-Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA) 
members 
• Transition the GHG emissions from their lending 
and investment portfolios to align with pathways to 
net-zero by 2050 or sooner. 
• Within 18 months of joining, set 2030 targets (or 
sooner) and a 2050 target. Periodically review all 
targets, taking into account the best available 
scientific knowledge (including the findings of the 
IPCC). 
• Within 36 months of joining, banks will set targets 
for all or most of the GHG-intensive industries 
below: 
Agriculture, aluminum, cement, coal, oil and gas, 
commercial and residential real estate, iron  
and steel, power generation, transport. 
• Annually publish absolute emissions and emissions 
intensity. 
The NZBA commitment is designed to ensure that 
banks engage with their clients’ transition and 
decarbonization, promoting real economy transition. 
Banks will therefore undertake to do the following:  
• Facilitating the necessary transition in the real 
economy, through prioritizing client engagement and 
offering products and services to support clients’ 
transition.  
• Engaging on corporate and industry (financial and real 
economy) action, as well as public policies, to help 
support a net-zero transition of economic sectors in 
line with science and giving consideration to 
associated social impacts. 
• Supporting innovation, the near-term deployment of 
existing viable technologies, and scaling up the 
financing of credible, safe, and high-quality climate 
solutions that are compatible with other Sustainable 
Development Goals.  
 
-28- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
  
Through joining the NZBA, we have clarified our commitment to aim for net-zero GHG emissions from our financing and 
investment by 2050. We set our first sector-specific target in May 2022: our mid-term FY2030 target for the electric power 
sector. We will continue to set medium- to long-term science-based targets, formulate action plans, and advance 
disclosures on our progress. 
 
In order to support our clients’ transitions and decarbonization, we will continually support innovation and provide solutions 
including transition finance, with client engagement as our starting point. 
 
(2) Participation in the NZAM 
The Net Zero Asset Managers initiative (NZAM) is an initiative launched by an international group of asset managers in 
December 2020. The NZAM’s Steering Committee is formed from six investor networks, including the Asia Investor Group 
on Climate Change (AIGCC). The Steering Committee is responsible for the coordination of the initiative, and an Advisory 
Group of six asset manager signatories informs the Steering Committee in its management of the initiative. As of 
December 31, 2021, NZAM has 236 signatories, with approximately USD 57.5 trillion in assets under management (AUM). 
 
The main commitments of the NZAM are listed below. 
 Commit to support the go al of net zero greenhouse gas (GHG ) emissions by 2050, in line with global efforts to 
limit warming to 1.5°C (‘net zero emissions by 2050 or sooner’). 
Commit to support investing aligned with net zero emissions by 2050 or sooner. 
 Work in partnership with asset owner clients on decarbonisation goals, consistent with an ambition to reach net 
zero emissions by 2050 or sooner across all assets under management (AUM) 
 Set an interim target for the proportion of assets to be managed in line with the attainment of net zero emissions 
by 2050 or sooner. 
 Review the interim target at least every five years, with a view to ratcheting up the proportion of AUM covered until 
100% of assets are included. 
 
Asset Management One (AM-One) was one of the NZAM’s 30 founding signatories, and its only Japanese signatory at the 
time. AM-One also served as a member of the Advisory Group during its first year. 
 
In September 2021, AM-One set its 2030 interim target as committing ¥30 trillion (USD 273 billion) worth of investment 
assets out of total AUM (¥57 trillion as of the end of March 2021) to align with the net zero scenario. This target is in line 
with the NZAM’s commitments. 
 
AM-One will especially focus on the following three actions to move closer to achieving its targets. 
Establish products 
that promote net 
zero 
AM-One will establish active funds for investing in companies that maximize corporate value 
through initiatives dealing with important ESG challenges, like climate change, that threaten 
the viability of our society. AM-One will also establish particular passive funds for conducting 
net zero-focused client engagement. These funds will allow AM-One to make progress 
towards achieving net-zero GHG emissions for AUM, and increase support from clients. 
Further enhance 
client engagement 
Follow on from stewardship activity efforts to date by further strengthening client engagement 
to enable the implementation of business model changes. These changes should contribute to 
the decarbonization of investee companies. 
Strengthen 
coordination with 
government and 
related institutions 
AM-One will promote the shift to net zero across the entire investment chain by strengthening 
coordination with the TCFD Consortium (of which it is a member), as well as government and 
related institutions that are involved with review meetings of the Ministry of Economy, Trade 
and Industry and the Ministry of the Environment. 
 
In line with AM-One’s corporate message of “Creating a sustainable future through the power of investment ”, AM-One is 
aiming to contribute to the future as an asset management company through continued collaborations with clients, investee 
companies, government and related institutions, and global asset managers. 
(See AM-One’s website for details about company initiatives: http://www.am-one.co.jp/english/information/sustainability/) 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -29- 
 
3. Recognizing the opportunities created for the Mizuho group by climate change 
Climate change is one of the most important global issues that our stakeholders should be addressing. Mizuho’ s clients are also 
expected to formulate and implement climate change countermeasures and strategies for transitioning to a low-carbon society. 
 
Much remains unestablished regarding the technology and business models needed to support our clients ’ transition strategies 
and make decarbonization a reality. Technological innovation and a large amount of investment are needed for clients to implement 
concrete action plans. 
 
At Mizuho, we see client investment in technological and business model development aimed at decarbonization as an opportunity. 
Using client engagement as a starting point, we are proactively supporting our clients’ transitions to a low-carbon society and their 
climate change countermeasures. 
 
Figure 5: Reference – Investment amount estimates for becoming carbon neutral 
Expected investment amount in Japan through 2050 (Projected by Mizuho) 
 
Expected investment amount through 2030 (Projected by the Japanese government) 
 
 
Expected investment amount
Investment outlays in 
Japan through 2050 Approx. ¥470 trillion1
Renewables
Capital outlay for 
introduction
1: Required global investment set out in the IEA World
Energy Outlook 2021 (NZE scenario) report of 
USD 4 trillion/year x Japan’s 3.2% share of global 
emissions = ¥16.3 trillion/year. Equal investment 
amounts assumed for each of the 29 years in the 
2022 – 2050 period.
Japanese capex and R&D outlays of ¥45 trillion (past 
ten-year average for companies issuing securities 
reports) x 40% (switchover to Green Transformation 
(GX) investment) = ¥18 trillion.
2: Source: Industry Research Department, Mizuho 
Bank, Mizuho Industry Research #70 “Considering 
Japanese Industry in 2050: Structural transformation 
and industrial fusion to realize the ideal form”.
Approx. ¥55 – 95 trillion2
Debt financing portion
Approx. ¥280 trillion 
(Japanese firms’ debt ratio: 
approx. 60%)
Climate change-related sustainable finance 
market may expand to up to 
approx. ¥10 trillion per year
Item
Expected 
investment 
amount  through 
2030 (approx.)
Investment examples
Investment 
amount
(approx.)
Energy 
decarbonization / 
fuel switching
¥5 trillion/year
Renewable energy (through feed-in tariff (FIT) / feed-in premium (FIP) programs and others) ¥2 trillion
Hydrogen / ammonia (investment in hydrogen and ammonia infrastructure development) ¥0.3 trillion
Battery energy storage manufacturing (in-vehicle / stationary) ¥0.6 trillion
Industrial 
decarbonization ¥2 trillion/year
Improving energy efficiency of manufacturing processes / decarbonization (next-
generation manufacturing process technology, carbon neutral power generation technology, etc.) ¥1.4 trillion
Adoption of industrial heat pumps, cogeneration technology, etc. ¥0.5 trillion
End use ¥4 trillion/year
Adoption of highly energy efficient homes and buildings ¥1.8 trillion
Adoption of next-generation vehicles ¥1.8 trillion
Infrastructure 
development ¥4 trillion/year
Power grid reinforcement and expansion (master planning) ¥0.5 trillion
Electric vehicle infrastructure development (charging stations, hydrogen stations) ¥0.2 trillion
Digital society initiatives (semiconductor manufacturing base, data center establishment) ¥3.5 trillion
Research and 
development ¥2 trillion/year
Carbon recycling (CO2 separation and capture, synthetic methane, synthetic fuel, sustainable 
aviation fuel, etc.) ¥0.5 trillion
Development of manufacturing processes that contribute to carbon neutrality (e.g. 
hydrogen steelmaking) ¥0.1 trillion
Nuclear power (e.g. innovative reactor R&D) ¥0.1 trillion
Carrying out innovative carbon capture and storage projects ¥0.6 trillion
Total ¥17 trillion/year
Source: “Discussion Regarding the Creation of a Clean Energy Strategy ” Industrial Science and Technology Policy and Environment Bureau  and Agency for 
Natural Resources and Energy, Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry. 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-30- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
Table 4: (Reference) Examples of investment areas aimed at achieving carbon neutrality, by sector  
Electric power 
Sources of renewable energy (solar, onshore / offshore wind farms, next -generation solar, etc.), 
thermal energy generation (hydrogen / ammonia, biomass, carbon capture utilization and storage 
(CCUS)), next -generation nuclear,  reinforcement of  the power grid, storage batteries, supply -
demand adjustment 
Oil and gas 
Construction of supply chain for hydrogen / ammonia,  methanation, synthetic fuel, e -fuel, 
sustainable aviation fuel, green LP gas, CCUS, recycling of waste plastic 
Steel 
Utilization of hydrogen (COURSE50, SuperCOURSE50, hydrogen direct reduction), use and 
growth of electric furnace steel manufacturing, CCUS, ferro-coke, utilization of scrap 
Chemicals 
Heat conversion (utilizing hydrogen / ammonia, electrification, hi gh-efficiency naptha cracking 
furnaces), raw material conversion (biomass, methanation, artificial photosynthesis, CCUS), raw 
material circulation (recycling of chemicals / materials) 
Cement 
Heat conversion (biomass, hydrogen / ammonia, electrification), CCUS (Recycling carbon as 
cement) 
Paper and pulp 
Heat conversion (biomass, hydrogen / ammonia, electrification), cellulose nanofibers, plastic 
alternatives 
Automobiles 
Electric-powered vehicles (EVs, PHEVs, HEVs, FCVs), storage batteries (nickle, cobalt,  lithium, 
copper), charging stations / hydrogen stations, synthetic fuel (e-fuel) 
Distribution 
Fuel cell trucks, ships using carbon -neutral fuel, utilizing sustainable aviation fuel in aircrafts / 
electrification of aircrafts, construction of supply chain for hydrogen / ammonia, development of 
carbon-neutral ports 
Electronics / 
communications 
Power semiconductors, communications infrastructure (data centers, base station s), 5G / 6G, 
photoelectric fusion technology (IOWN) 
Consumer / 
household 
Electrification, Zero Energy Buildings (ZEBs) / Zero Energy Houses (ZEHs), Building and Energy 
Management System (BEMS), shift to constructing buildings from wood, stable operation of the 
Community Energy Management System 
Negative emissions 
CCUS, direct air carbon capture and storage (DACCS), bioenergy with carbon capture and storage 
(BECCS), measures for forests 
Reference: Industry Research Department, Mizuho Bank, Mizuho Industry Research #70 “Considering Japanese Industry in 2050: 
Structural transformation and industrial fusion to realize the ideal form”. 
https://www.mizuhogroup.com/binaries/content/assets/pdf/mizuho-bank/insights/industry/1070_1en.pdf 
 
  
  
TCFD Report 2022  -31- 
 
(1) Engagement with clients 
By undertaking engagement (constructive dialogue with clear objectives, such as the promoting of clients’ sustainability initiatives) 
while considering clients' sustainable growth,  improved corporate value, and strengthened industrial competitiveness  over the 
medium to long term, we will actively develop and provide financial products and services to support clients’ initiatives to transition 
to a low-carbon society. We are also strengthening our climate change response-related engagement from the standpoint of risk 
management and responsible financing and investment. 
 
In FY2021, we implemented  engagement with around 1,000 corporate clients as part of our risk management and responsible 
financing and investment. Through this, we confirmed the status of our clients ’ responses to environmental and social risk. We 
will continue to confirm these at least once a year. 
 
We captured business opportunities and implemented engagement aimed at promoting clients’ sustainability initiatives with around 
1,300 corporate clients (around 600 middle market firms and small- and medium -sized enterprises , and around 700 large 
corporations). We are involved in discussions with, and are making suggestions to, around 600 of those clients, with the aim of 
providing them with climate change response-related financial and non-financial solutions. 
 
Engagement from the perspective of 
responsible investment
We are strengthening our responses to both opportunities and risks through engagement, or constructive, 
purposeful dialogue such as encouraging our clients to move towards sustainability
Approx. 1,000 companies*1
 Check status of responses to environmental and social risks
 Dialogue with transition risk sector clients on responses to 
climate change response risks
Engagement aimed at promoting client 
initiatives for sustainability
Approx. 1,300 companies (of which,600 are climate change)1
(Approx. 600 small/midsize company clients, approx. 700 large 
company clients)
 Discussions and proposals towards support 2 such as 
planning and carrying out appropriate risk management and 
strategies related to sustainability for clients
1 April 2021 - March 2022 (preliminary figures)
2 Support by providing both financial and non-financial solutions
Development and provision of solutions from both financial and non-financial sides to suit the characteristics 
and needs of client segments.
Middle-market clients and SME clients
 Expansion of SDGs promotion support financing through in-
house qualifications holders (approx. 2,000 people) 
(approx.530 cases in FY2021)
 Construction of a network with external partners for supporting 
client’s sustainability management promotion
 Specific support for transition strategies towards 
decarbonization
Large corporate  clients
 Consulting support utilizing our industrial knowledge, 
environmental and technological expertise, etc. (approx. 500 
cases in FY2021)
 Support for initiatives to improve non-financial value with a 
broad range of themes based around environmental and social 
issues
 Specific support for transition strategies towards 
decarbonization
Promoting client engagement 
At Mizuho, we recognize the importance of the role financial institutions play in achieving a net-zero real economy. 
Financial institutions should support clients’ climate change countermeasures and the transition to a low-carbon society. 
This support should be grounded in an understanding that the transition process will differ by location and industry type. In 
order for us to fulfil our role, we undertake engagement with clients and request that they share their transition strategies. 
Through this engagement, we confirm the status of our clients’ transition strategies and provide clients with support that 
facilitates the execution of said strategies. Examples of specific client engagement are detailed below. 
(1) Client engagement aimed at business structure transformation 
in carbon-related sectors (Tokyo Gas (Japan / Gas)) 
Tokyo Gas has made a net-zero CO2 declaration ahead of other companies in the same 
industry. Mizuho is pursuing further initiatives with Tokyo Gas via the engagement detailed below. 
 Proposals and discussions about initiatives aimed at achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. 
 Proposals and discussions about financing methods, including transition finance, and financial strategies. 
 Discussions aimed at making full use of new technologies such as hydrogen. 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-32- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
 
 
 
 
 Support for the formulation of a transition finance framework (ensuring that it aligns with the sector -specific 
technology roadmaps formulated by the Japanese government) 
 
Through proposals and discussions at each group company, we are providing financing to support Tokyo Gas’ transition 
strategy for achieving decarbonization. This includes Mizuho Securities serving as a structuring agent for financing 
(transition bond) that will support Tokyo Gas in its transition efforts. 
 
Client feedback 
 In November 2019, Tokyo Gas published “Compass 2030”, their Group Management Vision. “Achieving net-zero 
CO2” was announced as one of the key commitments of “Compass 2030”. Since then, initiatives to accomplish this 
goal have been gaining momentum. In order to achieve net-zero CO2 emissions, Tokyo Gas plans to invest around 
¥2 trillion in growth areas including decarbonization, as well as proactively make use of transition finance for related 
funding. Building on these plans, Tokyo Gas issued a transition bond in March 2022, becoming the first Japanese 
energy company to do so. 
 Through the issuing of a transition bond, Tokyo Gas communicated the importance of natural gas for the transition 
to a low-carbon society, as well as its own transition strategy, to financial markets and society as a whole. Mizuho, 
as the structuring agent, made use of extensive experience and strong stakeholder relationships to make proactive 
proposals and provide support. 
 Going forward, Tokyo Gas expects to continue receiving proposals and support regarding financing (in cluding 
transition finance) and making full use of new technology like hydrogen. 
(2) Fusion of decarbonized solutions and finance (Aeon Mall (Japan / Real Estate)) 
To flesh out the process of switching to a 100% renewable electric power supply, 
proposals and discussions were held on multiple occasions regarding various options that contribute 
to renewable energy procurement. These discussions were centered around Mizuho Bank’s 
corporate banking departments, but also attended by representatives from Mizuho Bank ’s Industry Research 
Department, Mizuho Securities, and Mizuho Leasing. Aeon Mall ’s needs included a shift in goals from procuring  
effectively CO2-free energy to having malls under direct management run on 100% locally generated renewable energy. 
Mizuho Bank, Mizuho Securities, and Mizuho Leasings worked with a power generation operation and maintenance 
(O&M) company to propose a low-pressure / distributed solar power generation facility with a self-consignment system, 
leading to a basic agreement on what will be one of the largest-scale projects of its kind in Japan. 
 
Mizuho is supporting specific initiatives conducted as part of Aeon Mall’s transition to a low-carbon society by leveraging 
our financial and non-financial expertise and providing decarbonized solutions and financing in collaboration with the  
power generation O&M company. 
 
Client feedback 
 Background, significance, and outlook: 
The concept behind this initiative is for Aeon Mall to use locally generated electricity, and to ensure that customers 
understand the initiative. 
Aeon Mall plans for all facilities under direct company management to be powered by local  renewable energy by 
2040. With solar energy procurement as the first step, going forward, Aeon Mall intends to make full use of wind, 
biomass, and other power generation methods, storage batteries, and more. Further, it will quantify its customers’ 
pro-environment efforts, such as making use of renewably sourced electric power for their EVs (V2AEON MALL), 
planting trees, and recovering discarded plastic. This quantification makes it possible to connect increased 
awareness of environmental efforts with systems for awarding points and will allow Aeon Mall to build a low-carbon 
society together with its customers. 

  
TCFD Report 2022  -33- 
 
  
 
 
(3) Discussing the achievement of a low-carbon society through senior level engagement (Canada / Energy) 
In order to engage in deeper conversations with the heads of companies, we reached out to the CEOs of multiple major 
companies in Canada and the US that have connections to the energy sector. We held a roundtable discussion with 
them, which featured conversations about initiatives for making a low-carbon society a reality. 
 
Main opinions and discussion points 
 Due to COP26 and changes in the external business environment, including demand for energy exceeding supply, 
it is possible that the decarbonization movement may temporarily lose momentum. But, in the medium to long term, 
the shift towards renewable energy that can be both low in cost and generated locally will continue. 
 With the current situation being what it is, there is growing importance for fossil fuels in terms of their role in the 
energy transition. This should be taken into consideration. 
 There are challenges such as the effect soaring energy prices have  on voting behavior and political agendas, 
especially in developing countries. In some regions there is a trend to use coal-fired power more. 
 The establishment and adoption of innovative technology necessitates looser restrictions and more flexibility from 
regulatory authorities. 
 As companies around the world push forward with decarbonization-focused commitments and initiatives, the 
presence of ESG elements in communications with investors and other stakeholders continues to be of importance. 
There is a high investor appetite for decarbonization (including green energy, technological innovation) 
investments. 
 Discussions aimed at providing solutions: 
Through this project, which involves Mizuho, Aeon Mall, and a power generation O&M company, Mizuho has carried 
out project management that leverages our expertise in both financial and non-financial services. Our efforts led to 
an agreement being reached smoothly and quickly, a first step towards achieving a low-carbon society. 
 
 Expectations for Mizuho going forward: 
There are hopes for this initiative between Mizuho and a large-scale consumer to pave the way for the adoption of 
renewable energy throughout the country. This initiative is the first step towards achieving the local  renewable 
energy system desired by Aeon Mall . With regards to future initiatives for increasing the energy supply and 
diversifying the forms of power generation, support is expected from a collaboration between Mizuho and a partner 
company from Mizuho’s network. 
(4) Engagement for promoting climate change countermeasures at middle market firms and small- and medium-
sized enterprises (Japan / Various sectors) 
In the midst of accelerating company -led climate change-related initiatives, there are demands for environmental and 
social initiatives that span entire supply chains. However, in order to further advance climate change countermeasures, 
it is essential to receive cooperation not only from large corporations, but also from middle market firms and small- and 
medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). We have many clients who, despite acknowledging climate change countermeasures 
being an operational challenge that needs to be faced, are unsure about setting targets and worried about what action 
to take. For this reason, Mizuho is enhancing our middle market firm and SME -oriented sustainability-related financing 
and consulting support, with engagement as a starting point. 
 
We provide solutions through both financial and non-financial services. Specifically, we have approximately 2,000 
relationship managers who have gained internal qualifications related to SDGs. Through conversing with clients and 
using simple diagnostic tools, we are provi ding support free of charge to clients who are clarify ing the purposes and 
challenges of SDG -related initiatives, setting target s, and planning measures. Along with this, we are also providing 
financing such as SDG initiative support loans and private placement bonds for clients who have announced targets for 
SDG-related initiatives. Also, we are supporting middle market firms and SMEs in their efforts to design climate change 
countermeasures with our  Mizuho Sustainability -Linked Loan Pro product. These loans are arranged through a 
framework independently developed by Mizuho Bank based on the internationally recognized Sustainability Linked Loan 
Principles. 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-34- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 (5) Promoting initiatives through enhanced RM and client engagement 
Mizuho is paying special attention to improving employee knowledge and skills. Part of this is assisting r elationship 
managers (RMs), who are responsible for direct client engagement , in expanding their expertise about sustainability, 
including climate change, and strengthening  their ability to identify clients’ challenges and make proposals. Regarding 
transition finance, and other themes of particular interest to clients, we have been holding informational sessions tailored 
to the characteristics of our client segments. We are also encouraging Mizuho Bank employees to acquire certification 
in sustainable business. 
 
Target Initiatives for enhancing knowledge Topics 
All employees  Training programs for all employees  Trends and basic knowledge 
related to sustainability 
RMs for middle 
market firms & SMEs 
 Information sessions for frontline offices: Held 
7 times in FY2021, approx. 500 participants 
per session (Approx. 3,500 participants in 
total) 
 Expanding certification in SDG initiative 
support finance: Approx. 2,000 RMs (90% of 
all RMs) 
 Approx. 1,000 people passed level 2 of the 
CSR proficiency test (“Sustainability 
management expert”) 
 Knowledge (Basic knowledge, 
approach to sustainable 
business at financial institutions, 
etc.) 
 Actions (Implementation 
frameworks, products/main 
factors, case studies) 
RMs for large 
corporate clients 
 Information sessions for frontline offices: Held 
9 times in FY2021, approx. 600 participants 
per session (Approx. 5,000 participants in 
total) 
 Successful business dealings 
(transition and other finance), 
implementation frameworks, 
sector-specific policies, trends in 
industry and technology, 
regulatory trends 
RMs outside of Japan  Global ESG Champion Meeting 
(Participation from the Americas, EMEA, Asia 
& Oceania, East Asia, and Japan) 
 Sustainable business strategies 
at Mizuho, implementation 
frameworks and initiatives at our 
branches and offices 
 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -35- 
 
(2) Providing solutions that support clients’ transition to a low-carbon society 
Clients’ initiatives in the area of decarbonization are steadily progressing into a concrete stage of transition strategy formulation 
and implementation. 
 
At Mizuho, we are expanding solutions for each stage of corporate conduct towards decarbonization and strengthening initiatives 
across entire value chains and supply chains. We are doing this by monitoring GHG emission levels, formulating and implementing 
emission reduction plans and transition strategies, and utilizing carbon credits to offset our remaining emissions. 
Figure 6: Solutions that support the transition to a low-carbon society 
 
Going forward, we will actively provide financial support to clients implementing transition strategies, while also leveraging our 
long-cultivated industrial and environmental technology expertise to further expand our ability to provide both financial and non-
financial solutions. 
 
(3) Results of sustainable finance and environmental finance promotion 
We have been pursuing the long-term target we set  for sustainable finance and environmental finance in April 2020 (FY2019 to 
FY2030: ¥25 trillion, of which ¥12 trillion for environmental finance). 
 
Reduction 
strategy 
planning
Direct
reduction/
absorption
Residual 
emissions 
offsets
Support for offsets 
with carbon credits, 
etc.
Individual company 
scope 1 -3 
measurements
Making emissions 
visible throughout the 
supply chain
Planning business 
structure transformation 
and reduction strategies 
based on our 
decarbonization-related 
knowledge.
Reporting/
PR
Management and 
disclosure of amounts 
reduced/Dialogue with 
stakeholders
Reduction strategy 
planning at the supply 
chain level
Provision of risk 
managers/Co-
Creation of social 
value
Our solutions
Diversity of 
financing 
methods
supporting 
transition
Fusion of 
specific reduction 
measures and 
financing
Set investment 
framework in 
transition fields
Support for 
offsets using 
credits
RT
BK
TB
２
RT BK TB
 Set an investment framework of 50 billion yen for 
business model construction and technological 
development towards carbon neutrality by 2050.
 Invest strategically, utilizing our knowledge of the 
industry and environmental technology from the 
transition field. Support funding even at the 
implementation stage.
Investment framework in transition fields (Apr. ’22)
 Support for promoting environmental and social 
initiatives such as decarbonization of the overall supply 
chain through promoting sustainability for small/midsize 
companies who are the suppliers of the large 
companies (first for Japan).
Sustainability supply chain finance (May ’22)
 Support for carrying out specific decarbonization
solutions (offsite corporate PPA) for clients through 
supplying risk managers and giving advice related to 
financial arrangements, scheme construction, and so 
on in conjunction with Group companies.
Decarbonization solutions x Financing (May ’22)
 Transition link loans (Sept. ’21, first for Japan)
 Transition bond
 Mizuho Sustainability Link Loan PRO / privately-placed 
bonds PRO (Oct. ’21, Feb. ’22)
Development of financing products matched to the  
diversification of needs
 Sign memorandum of understanding with IFC to 
provide opportunities for Japanese companies to obtain 
voluntary carbon credits.
 Contribute to Japanese companies achieving their 
decarbonization targets and encouraging the flow of 
funds to decarbonization.
Support for offsets using credits (Aug. ’21 on)
BK
BK
SC
Lease
BK
SC
BK
FG
BK
SC
RT
BK
１
３
４
５
2
１
３
４
５
Clients’ climate change responses
Awareness of 
issuesStrategy planningStrategy implementationReports
Making 
emissions
visible
Funding for 
business structure 
conversion
Consulting
Consulting
Responses for the supply chain
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-36- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
We are making strong progress, as our overall result for FY2019 to FY2021 was ¥13.1 trillion (of which the result for environmental 
finance was ¥4.6 trillion). The expansion of general corporate purpose instruments financing (sustainability-linked loans, transition-
linked loans) and the increase in the number of clients for whom we raise funds through sustainable finance are two examples of 
how finance-related needs are diversifying. Based on the deep understanding of clients’ issues and needs we have gained through 
engagement, we will continue to develop and provide new financial products that integrate both financial and non- financial 
elements. 
Table 5: Sustainable finance performance, by type of financing 
Finance 
area Product and service area Mizuho’s main products and services Applicable 
business area 
Results 
(Unit: ¥1 trillion) 
FY2019 to FY2021 
Sustainable finance 
Environmental finance 
Project finance for renewable 
energy 
Arranging of project financing for wind, solar, 
geothermal, and small hydro power Loans 1.0 
Green bonds Underwriting of green bonds1 Underwriting 1.7 
Green loans Arranging of green loans1 Loans 0.3 
Other green finance 
Arranging of Mizuho Eco Finance Loans 
1.5 
Arranging of renewable energy-related asset-
based lending (ABL) Loans 
Investment in green project funds Investments 
Investment in green projects (including mezzanine 
finance) Investments 
Investment in green bonds Investments 
Loans for green building2 Loans 
Other financing and investment Financing and 
investment 
Subtotal   4.6 
 
 
Project finance for 
infrastructure 
Arranging of project financing for public 
transportation and facilities Loans 0.9 
Social loans Arranging of social financing1 Loans 
0.4 
Sustainability loans Arranging of sustainability loans1 Loans 
Social bonds Underwriting of social bonds1 Underwriting 
1.6 
Sustainability bonds Underwriting of sustainability bonds1 Underwriting 
Other sustainable finance 
Arranging of sustainability-linked loans1 Loans 
2.5 
Arranging of sustainability-linked bonds1 Underwriting 
Arranging of transition loans1 Loans 
0.2 
Arranging of transition bonds1 Underwriting 
Arranging of Mizuho Positive Impact Finance Loans 
3.0 
Mizuho Sustainability-Linked Loan Pro / Mizuho 
Sustainability-Linked Private Placement Bond Pro Loans 
Arranging of SDG initiative support finance loans / 
private placement bonds Loans 
Lending to innovative startup companies Loans 
Lending to support business succession Loans 
Net increase in ESG/SDG investment products 
under management 
Asset 
management 
Other financing and investment Financing and 
investment 
Subtotal   8.6 
Total 13.1 
1. In compliance with principles and guidelines in and outside Japan. 
2. Obtained third-party certification as a green building from a government or internationally recognized entity, and achieved above a certain 
rating (DBJ GreenBuilding 3-star rating, Building-Housing Energy-Efficiency Labeling System 3-star rating, Comprehensive Assessment 
System for Built Environment Efficiency B+, Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design Silver, Building Research Establishment 
Environmental Assessment Method Good, or above).  
  
TCFD Report 2022  -37- 
 
4. Risks posed to the Mizuho group by climate change 
Regarding risks posed by climate change, we expect risks similar to those detailed below in the various risk categories. 
Risk  
category Definition Possible impacts (transition risk) Time 
frame 
Possible impact 
(physical risk) 
Time 
frame 
Credit 
risk 
The risk of losses due to a decline in, 
or total loss of, the value of assets 
(including off-balance-sheet 
instruments), as a result of 
deterioration in obligors’ financial 
position. 
The risk of the Mizuho group’s credit-
related costs increasing due to 
clients seeing their business 
performance deteriorate as a result 
of the business environment shifting 
towards decarbonization. 
Medium and long term 
The risk of credit-related costs 
increasing due to wind- and 
water-related damage to Mizuho 
group’s committed collateral 
assets. 
The risk of credit-related costs 
increasing due to clients seeing 
their business performance 
deteriorate as a result of 
business stagnation caused by 
wind- and water-related damage 
and changes in the business 
environment caused by rising 
temperatures. 
Short, medium, and long term 
Market 
risk 
The risk of losses due to fluctuations 
in interest rates, securities, and foreign 
exchange rates causing the value of 
the Mizuho group’s assets and 
liabilities to fluctuate. 
Includes the risk of losses being 
incurred when market confusion or 
losses arising from transactions at 
prices that are significantly less 
favorable than usual make it 
impossible to execute transactions in 
the market (market liquidity risk). 
The risk of asset values falling due 
to companies in which the Mizuho 
group holds shares (e.g. through 
cross-shareholdings or funds) facing 
concerns about deteriorating 
business performance or suffering 
reputational damage as a result of 
changes in the business 
environment. 
Short, medium, and long term 
The risk of asset values falling 
due to companies in which the 
Mizuho group holds shares (e.g. 
through cross-shareholdings or 
funds) facing concerns about 
deteriorating business 
performance as a result of wind- 
or water-related damage. 
Short, medium, and long term 
Liquidity 
risk 
The risk of losses arising from funding 
difficulties due to a deterioration in our 
financial position that makes it difficult 
for us to raise necessary funds or that 
forces us to raise funds at significantly 
higher interest rates than usual. 
The risk of deterioration in our 
capital raising ability and an outflow 
of deposits due to reputational 
damage to the Mizuho group. 
The risk of an increase in funding 
costs due to changes in regulatory 
frameworks aimed at more 
stringently addressing climate 
change and due to greater concern 
among investors. 
Short, medium, and long term 
The risk of outflow of deposits at 
the Mizuho group due to 
demand for capital among 
clients who suffer wind- and 
water-related damage. 
The risk of outflow of deposits at 
the Mizuho group due to serious 
natural disasters causing 
deterioration in clients’ business 
performance and a rise in 
demand for capital. 
The risk of capital raising 
difficulties or higher funding 
costs due to serious natural 
disasters causing market 
turmoil. 
Short, medium, and long term 
Operational 
risk 
 
The risk of the Mizuho group suffering 
losses resulting from inadequate or 
failed internal processes, people, and 
systems, or from external events. 
The risk of losses due to 
stakeholders filing lawsuits against 
the Mizuho group alleging that we 
have not taken appropriate 
measures to address climate 
change. 
The risk of being required to comply 
with regulatory changes that reflect 
increasing international demand for 
more drastic responses to climate 
change. 
Short, medium, and long term 
The risk of losses due to natural 
disasters impacting data centers 
and causing settlement system 
failures. 
The risk of suffering impacts on 
business continuity and incurring 
recovery costs due to natural 
disasters causing loss or 
damage of Mizuho assets and 
branches. 
 
Short, medium, and long term 
 
Reputational risk 
The risk of the Mizuho group incurring 
losses due to adverse effects on our 
reputation or Mizuho’s brand when all 
services provided by and all activities 
conducted by the group, executive 
officers, and employees are 
recognized as widely diverging from 
the expectations and requirements of 
our stakeholders, including clients, 
employees, the economy, and society.  
The risk of damage to the Mizuho group’s reputation due to inappropriate 
responses to climate change or inadequate disclosures. 
Short, medium, and long term 
 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-38- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
At the Mizuho Group, we conduct sector-specific qualitative evaluations of risk and opportunity in order to identify climate -
related risks. For our FY2021 qualitative evaluations, we expanded our scope to 19 sectors to keep in line with the 
recommended disclosures from the TCFD Recommendations. (The previous evaluation only targeted 10 sectors.) 
 
Based on sector-specific GHG emissions, carbon efficiency, and other evaluation criteria, we categorized transition risk into five 
levels: “Very high”, “high”, “medium”, “low”, and “very low”. These were used as reference when choosing sector s for scenario 
analysis. We also rated physical risk and the size of clients ’ business opportunities as fitting into one of three levels, and are 
working to increase risk awareness regarding climate change. (Table 7) 
 
Figure 7: Qualitative evaluation of sector-specific risks and opportunities (results) 
 
 
 
 
  
Transition risk
Very highHighMediumLowVery
low
Low Medium High
Physical risk
Coal
Oil and Gas
Electric
Utilities
Steel
 Cement
Automobiles
 Maritime 
Transportation 
Aviation
Chemicals
Construction 
Materials
Paper and Forest 
Products
Agriculture
Rail
Transportation
Packaged Food  
and Meats
Metals and 
Mining
Real Estate
Capital 
Goods
Insurance
Beverages
+
 + +
 + + +
Business opportunities 
for clients
Sector analyzed as part of 
transition risk analysis
Revision of recommended disclosures, as per the TCFD Recommendations  
The supplemental guidance from the TCFD Recommendations stipulates that banking industry disclosures should include 
credit exposure to  carbon-related assets. Following the November 2021 revisions to the guidance, the scope of the 
recommended sectors has been expanded to the 18 sectors defined below. 
Energy Transportation Materials and Buildings Agriculture, Food, and Forest 
Products 
•Oil and Gas 
•Coal 
•Electric Utilities 
•Air Freight 
•Passenger Air Transportation 
•Maritime Transportation 
•Rail Transportation 
•Trucking Services 
•Automobiles and Components 
•Metals and Mining 
•Chemicals 
•Construction Materials 
•Capital Goods 
•Real Estate Management and 
Development 
•Beverages 
•Agriculture 
•Packaged Food and Meats 
•Paper and Forest Products 
Our qualitative evaluation and the  sector-specific analysis of our exposure and financed emissions cover all of the 
recommended sectors listed above. (A number of the sectors have been split, combined, or added.) 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -39- 
 
5. Scenario analysis 
At Mizuho, we conduct scenario analysis in order to ascertain the future impact of climate change on our group portfolio. We 
conduct the analysis under a number of scenarios, including a 1.5°C scenario, for the purpose of increasing the flexibility of plans 
and resilience of strategy in anticipation of various future climate change-related circumstances. 
 
(1) Transition risk scenario analysis 
a. Targets of analysis 
Taking into account the results of our qualitative evaluation (Figure 7) and the sector-specific status of our portfolio (see page 52 
for sector-specific credit exposure), out of the sectors rated as “very high”, or “high” in our qualitative evaluation, the electric utilities, 
oil, gas, coal, and steel sectors were chosen as the targets of our analysis. In addition, the automobile sector was identifi ed as 
presenting considerable business opportunities for our clients. As such, we added it to the targeted se ctors, as per the previous 
year, in order to confirm the impact associated risk may have on our pursuit of finance opportunities (Table 6). 
 
Table 6: Target of transition risk scenario analysis 
 Previous Current (underlines indicate changes) 
Sectors targeted in 
transition risk analysis 
Electric utilities, oil, gas, coal, and automobile 
sectors 
(worldwide) 
Electric utilities, oil, gas, coal, automobile, and 
steel sectors 
(worldwide) 
 
b. Scenario and analysis methodology 
We used the following four scenarios formulated by the NGFS in our transition risk analysis: Net Zero 2050, Below 2°C, Delayed 
Transition, and Current Policies (Figure 8). We chose to use NGFS scenarios with comprehensive region-specific parameters for 
our new 1.5°C scenario analysis. In addition, for sectors like the automobile sector, where NGFS scenarios are lacking in 
parameters, we have supplemented our analysis with literature referenced from the IEA and other sources. 
 
See Table 7 for sector-specific perspectives on each sector. See Figure 9 for the main parameters utilized in our analysis. 
  
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-40- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
Figure 8: Scenario details on transition risk 
 Scenario details (NGFS scenarios)
Below 2°C
Net Zero 2050
Delayed 
Transition
Current Policies
Scenario which assumes only currently implemented policies 
are preserved
Scenario which assumes a 
gradual increase in 
stringency of climate 
policies, and a rise in global 
temperature limited to 
below 2°C. Policy response 
is prompt and smooth, but 
progress in technological 
innovation gradual.
Scenario which assumes 
CO2 emissions reach net
zero by around 2050 
through stringent policy 
implementation and 
innovation.
Scenario which assumes 
that annual emissions do 
not decrease until 2030. 
Strong policies are needed 
to limit warming to below 
2°C. Rapid progress is 
made in development of 
more stringent policies and 
technological innovation.
+3.0°C
+1.7°C
 +1.8°C
+1.5°C
Based on the scenarios to 
the left, we have organized 
analysis details for the 
following targeted sectors: 
Electric utilities, oil and gas, 
coal, steel, and automobiles.
See Table 7 
for details
Sector- and scenario-specific 
global outlook
Scenario analysis
Rising temperatures
Orderly transition Disorderly transition
  
TCFD Report 2022  -41- 
 
Table 7: Scenario details (sector-specific; scenario-specific)  
 
Current 
Policies 
Delayed 
Transition 
Below 2°C 
Net Zero 
2050 
- Fossil fuel consumption continues and overall power 
generation increases gradually. 
- Fossil fuels drop from accounting for 63% of overall 
power generation (current percentage) to 35% by 2050. 
- Costs associated with carbon taxes and investment in 
energy transition are limited. 
- Overall power generation increases rapidly from 2030 
due to the promotion of electrification that comes with the 
shift to carbon neutrality. 
- Fossil fuels account for 53% of overall power generation 
in 2030, and this drops to 3% by 2050. 
- From 2030, there is a sharp increase in costs associated 
with carbon taxes and investment in renewable energy. 
- Overall power generation in 2050 is double that of 2020. 
- There are moderate investment outlays with limited-impact. 
- Fossil fuels account for just 5% of overall power generation 
by 2050. 
- There is a carbon tax cost burden, but this gradually 
decreases as the transition to renewable energy progresses. 
- Trends in overall power generation and investment outlay 
are generally the same as in Below 2°C. 
- Fossil fuels account for just 5% of overall power generation 
by 2050. 
- The cost burden for carbon taxes is higher than in other 
scenarios, but it gradually decreases as the energy transition 
progresses. 
- The proportion of energy consumption (fossil fuels, 
biomass, and hydrogen) accounted for by fossil fuels in 
2050 is 89%, remaining basically unchanged (Currently 
88%). 
- Cost burden from carbon taxes is limited. 
- Fossil fuels account for 88% of energy consumption in 2030, 
but this falls to 47% by 2050, due to electrification and other 
measures aimed at achieving carbon neutrality. 
- There is a temporary sharp increase in carbon tax costs after 
2030, but this gradually falls due to the reduction in CO2 
emissions that follows decreased fossil fuel production. 
- Fossil fuels account for 68% of energy consumption by 2050. 
- Costs associated with carbon taxes due to CO 2 emissions 
from fossil fuel production remain even in 2050. However, 
the cost of carbon taxes gradually accounts for less and less 
of sales, due to the adoption of CCS and the increase in new 
energy (hydrogen / biomass) production. 
- Fossil fuel sources account for 45% of energy 
consumption by 2050. 
- Expansion of capital investment in CCS in order to 
reduce production-related CO2 emissions. 
Current 
Policies 
Delayed 
Transition 
Below 2°C 
Net Zero 
2050 
- Crude steel production quantity continues to rise through 2050. 
- Manufacturing methods do not undergo any big changes. In 
2050, fossil fuels ( such as coal) account for 72% of the steel 
sector’s energy consumption (fossil fuels currently account for 
78%). 
- Carbon taxes and investment in transformation of manufacturing 
methods are limited. 
- Crude steel production quantity falls from 2030. 
- Fossil fuels account for 74% of energy consumption in 2030, but 
manufacturing methods undergo a rapid transformation from 
2030, which makes use of electric furnaces and hydrogen. By 
2050, fossil fuels account for just 34%. 
- From 2030, there is a rapid increase in carbon taxes and 
investment outlays for transformation of manufacturing methods.  
- Crude steel production quantity plateaus after falling. 
- Transformation of manufacturing methods progresses, 
and fossil fuels account for just 49% of energy 
consumption by 2050. 
- Increase in  carbon taxes and investment outlays for 
transformation of manufacturing methods. 
- Trends in steel production quantity and investment 
outlay are generally the same as in Below 2°C 
- Transformation of manufacturing methods progresses, 
and fossil fuels account for just 31% of energy 
consumption by 2050. 
- CO2 emissions exist even in 2050, so carbon taxes 
represent a large cost burden. 
Steel 
- Rise in number of vehicles sold, primarily due to surging 
demand in emerging economies. 
- Proportion of EVs and FCVs (the proportion of the total 
number of vehicles sold represented by EVs and FCVs) 
reaches 18% by 2030, and investment in the shift to EVs 
is limited. 
- From 2030, rapid progress towards decarbonization has 
its costs (investment in EVs, response to fuel efficiency 
regulations), but the financial impact is limited. 
- Although the number of vehicles sold does increase, 
tighter regulations mean the increase is modest 
compared to Current Policies. 
- Proportion of EVs and FCVs increases to 42% by 2030. 
- Increase in number of vehicles sold is about the same as 
in Below 2°C. 
- Proportion of EVs and FCVs increases to 57% by 2030. 
- Moderate cost s associated with investment and fuel 
efficiency regulations, but the financial impact is limited. 
Automobiles 
Electric utilities Oil and gas, coal 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-42- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
Figure 9: NGFS scenario parameters 
 
 
For our transition risk analysis, we selected critical risks and opportunities which companies in the targeted sectors are facing and 
which relate to  demand, pric es, tighter regulations, and similar . In order to evaluate the risks and opportunities, we defined 
parameters using the projections from the NGFS scenarios, as well as publicly disclosed data from our cli ents. Using said data, 
we then analyzed changes in Mizuho’ s credit costs by formulating an outlook for the impact on clients ’ financial results (Figure 
10). 
 
  
Carbon prices Global power generation
Global energy consumption Global crude steel production
0
50
100
150
200
250
2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
Coal Oil and gas Renewable energy and other
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
Current Policies Delayed Transition
Below 2°C Net Zero 2050
1,000
1,200
1,400
1,600
1,800
2,000
2,200
2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
Current Policies Delayed Transition
Below 2°C Net Zero 2050
(USD/tCO2) (EJ)
(Mt)
Values for Current Policies, Delayed Transition, Below 
2°C, Net Zero 2050 Scenarios (from left to right)
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
Coal Oil Gas Biomass Hydrogen
(EJ)
Values for Current Policies, Delayed Transition, Below 
2°C, Net Zero 2050 Scenarios (from left to right)
Source: NGFS, REMIND model 

  
TCFD Report 2022  -43- 
 
c. Scenario analysis results 
(a) Results of credit cost calculation 
The increase in credit cost s by 2050 is calculated assuming that exposure remains at the same level as on March 31, 2022 
through 2050. 
 
Compared to the Current Policies scenario, which assumes that only currently implemented policies are preserved, the respective 
estimated increases in credit cost s of the Net Zero 2050, Below 2°C, and Delayed Transition scenarios are ¥1.19 trillion, ¥60 
billion, and ¥1.1 trillion. While this does, at most, amount to an increase in credit costs of over ¥1 trillion, that number represents 
the cumulative amount up until 2050, and we concluded that the financial impact on our group would be limited. 
 
For steel, the newly added target sector, the cost that accompanies decarbonization is larger than that of other sectors. It is thought 
that, in certain conditions, the sector could suffer a large financial impact. Not just in the steel sector, but across all sectors, there 
are moderate cost s accompanying decarbonization. For an orderly decarbonization process for our clients, we believe it is 
important for there to be public discussion about the costs. Mizuho will work together with stakeholders and support our clients in 
their transitions through our business activities across regions and economies, industry groups, and initiatives. 
 
Both the Below 2°C and the Delayed Transition scenarios see temperature rises limited to below 2°C. However, there is a major 
difference in the results of our credit cost calculations for the two scenarios . While the Below 2°C scenario assumes that the 
implementation of climate ch ange countermeasures will be efficient  and smooth (orderly transition), the Delayed Transition 
scenario assumes that countermeasures will be delayed until 2030, and will then be implemented rapidly from 2030 (disorderly 
transition). We calculated that cred it costs for the Delayed Transition scenario will drastically exceed those of the Below 2°C 
scenario in the post-2030 period in particular. 
 
(b) Actions going forward 
The results of our analysis have reaffirmed the importance of society conducting an orderly transition. Going forward, Mizuho will 
strengthen our efforts as follows. 
(1) In-depth engagement with clients (See page 31 for details about client engagement) 
(2) Support for business structure transformation through sustainable finance and other means 
(3) Participation in policy engagement that includes private-public partnerships 
 
Mizuho undertakes engagement with clients and requests that they share their transition strategies. Through this engagement, 
we confirm the status of our clients ’ transition strategies and provide clients with support that facilitates the execution of said 
strategies, such as sustainable finance. Furthermore, by participating in policy engagement, we support national governments in 
their implementation of policies that lead to an orderly transition. 
 
Also, we recognize that there is no internationally agreed upon methodology for scenario analysis and that each firm and 
organization is advancing their initiatives by a trial-and-error approach. We will continue to keep on top of global trends by engaging 
in discussions with regulatory authorities and external experts, and by participating in the UNEP FI working groups . While 
leveraging the expertise of our research and credit divisions, we will continue to expand the target of our sector-specific scenario 
analysis. We will consider conducting scenario analysis based on individual transition plans to enable closer engagement with our 
clients, and we will strive to improve available analytical methods going forward. 
 
  
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-44- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
Figure 10: Transition risk analysis process and results 
  
 
  
Difference with Current Policies Scenario
Net Zero 2050: ¥1.19 trillion
Below 2°C: ¥60 billion
Delayed Transition: ¥1.11 trillion
Analysis 
method
Analysis 
results
Select the critical risks and opportunities that companies 
face in each sector, such as those related to demand, price, 
and tighter regulations
Define parameters in order to quantitatively measure the 
impacts in A., using the NGFS scenarios and publicly 
available information from sample companies
Estimate the sample companies’ future balance 
sheets/profit & loss statements and evaluate business 
continuity under the scenario
Expand the C. evaluation to each of the sector’s subsectors, 
divided by region and other categories, and estimate credit 
costs for the entire sector
A. Select critical 
risks and 
opportunities
B. Define 
parameters
C. Analyze the 
sample companies 
using BS/PL
D. Evaluate the 
entire sector
(1) In-depth engagement with clients
(2) Support for business structure transformation 
through sustainable finance and other means
(3) Participation in policy engagement that includes 
private-public partnerships
Increase in credit 
costs
Actions going 
forward
  
TCFD Report 2022  -45- 
 
(3) Physical risk scenario analysis 
a. Targets of analysis 
Physical risk consists of acute risks (wind - and water -related damages from typhoons and other storms) and chronic risks 
(increase in heatstroke and infectious disease, rising sea levels, droughts, etc.). In our last analysis, we confirmed that chronic 
risks are limited in nature. This time, we measured acute risks by including Mizuho group assets (buildings, equipment) as targets 
of analysis (Table 8). 
Table 8: Targets of physical risk scenario analysis 
 Previous Current (underlines indicate changes) 
Physical risk (Japan) 
Acute 
risks 
Direct impacts 
(Impact on asset value) Mortgaged real estate (buildings) - Mizuho group assets (buildings, equipment) 
- Mortgaged real estate (buildings) 
Indirect impacts 
(Impact of business 
stagnation) 
Number of days of corporate activity 
business stagnation 
Number of days of corporate activity business 
stagnation 
Chronic risks 
- Number of people who contract 
infectious diseases (malaria, dengue) 
and heatstroke, number of deaths 
- Working hours of outdoor laborers 
- Number of people who contract infectious 
diseases (malaria, dengue) and heatstroke, 
number of deaths 
- Working hours of outdoor laborers 
 
b. Scenario and analysis methodology 
We collaborated with a consulting firm to conduct our analysis on physical risk. (Acute risks were analyzed as per the NGFS 
scenarios. Chronic risks were analyzed as per the IPCC scenarios.) (Figure 11). 
 
Regarding acute risks, we used a Monte Carlo simulation to analyze the impacts of wind- and water-related damage from typhoons 
and other storms. For direct impacts, we analyzed damage to Mizuho group assets  and credit costs from loss or damage of 
mortgaged real estate. For indirect impacts, we analyzed credit costs from business stagnation among our clients due to wind- 
and water-related damage. 
 
In regard to chronic risks, we accounted for the rise in average temperatures causing increases in infectious disease (e.g. malaria, 
dengue) and heatstroke as well as for heatstroke prevention practices causing concomitant decreases in summer working hours 
among outdoor laborers. We calculated  the macroeconomic effects of this reduced labor input and analyzed  the changes to 
Mizuho’s credit costs. 
Figure 11: Scenario details on physical risk 
 
  
Current Policies
If only currently implemented 
policies are preserved,the 
temperature would continually rise 
through 2100. As a result, strong 
typhoons and heavy rainfall would 
occur more frequently, leading to 
an increase in wind- and water-
related damage.
Net Zero 2050
Scenario which assumes 
only currently 
implemented policies are 
preserved.
Scenario which assumes 
CO2 emissions reach net
zero by around 2050 
through stringent policy 
implementation and 
innovation.
+3.0°C
+1.5°C
Scenario details Basis for scenario
Rising temperatures
NGFS IPCC
Acute risks
Current Policies (NGFS)
Without climate change 
countermeasures, the temperature 
would continually rise through 
2100. This would result in an 
increase in infectious diseases 
and heatstroke, and a decrease in 
outdoor working hours. GDP 
growth rate would worsen due to 
reduced labor input.
Chronic risks
RCP 8.5 (IPCC)
RCP 8.5
RCP 2.6
Scenario which assumes 
climate change 
countermeasures are not 
taken.
Scenario which assumes 
each country carries out 
climate change 
countermeasures,  
restricting the increase in 
temperature by limiting 
CO2 emissions.
+4.0°C
+2.0°C
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-46- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
c. Scenario analysis results 
(a) Acute risks 
 Direct impacts 
We based our analysis on the temperature rises considered in the Net Zero 2050 and Current Policies NGFS scenarios. Rising 
sea surface temperatures will lead to an increase in atmospheric moisture, and the st rength of typhoons that make landfall in 
Japan will increase. However, due to the smaller difference in sea and air temperatures, the convection currents (rising air currents) 
that cause typhoons will be weaker, and the number/frequency of typhoons will de crease. As a result, even under the Current 
Policies scenario which sees worse impacts, we have confirmed a total damage and credit cost of around ¥70 billion through 2100. 
 
 Indirect impacts 
As with the direct impacts, we based our analysis on the temperature rises considered in the Net Zero 2050 and Current Policies 
scenarios. In our previous analysis, we combined the credit cost ratio of a low credit rating to estimate credit costs as of 2050 for 
companies that were likely to see more days of business stagnation than the average. This time, we calculated credit costs through 
2100 based on how the number of days of business stagnation and the effect it has on corporate finance ( sales, business profit, 
etc.) leads to credit ratings being lowered.  As a result, even under the Current Policies scenario which sees worse impacts, we 
have confirmed a total credit cost of around ¥130 billion through 2100. 
 
(b) Chronic risks 
Using the IPCC RCP 2.6 and RCP 8.5 scenarios, we analyz ed the change in infectious disease, heatstroke -related patient 
numbers and deaths, and outdoor working hours under a global average temperature rise of 2°C or 4°C by 2100. We calculated  
the future impacts on GDP from the change these factors would cause in labor input and then estimated the impact on our credit 
costs. As a result, we have confirmed total credit costs through 2100 would be limited to at most ¥4 billion. 
  
  
TCFD Report 2022  -47- 
 
Figure 12: Physical risk analysis process and results  
 
  
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
RCP2.6
RCP8.5
Acute risks (direct impacts)
Rates of building loss or 
damage
①Average cases
②Special cases with a low frequency/
high level of loss or damage
Mizuho’s assets (buildings, 
equipment) and collateral assets 
(buildings) 
Address, floor numbers, land 
type/category, market value, etc
Scenario analysis results through 2100
Expected number of days of 
business stagnation (Japan)
Adverse impacts on financial 
position such as reductions 
in sales and profit
Lower credit ratings
Climate 
change 
scenario
Analysis 
method
Analysis 
results
Reduced labor input
Increase in heatstroke/
infectious disease
・Increased number of deaths
・Increased number of patients
・Increased number of work 
breaks   to prevent heatstroke
Decreased GDP growth rate
Chronic risks
Total increased credit 
costs of up to approx. 
¥4 billion through 2100
Net Zero 2050
Current Policies
[Direct impacts]
Total damage and
credit cost of 
around ¥70 billion
[Indirect impacts]
Total credit cost of 
around ¥130 billion
Acute risks (indirect impacts)
 
-48- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
 
We recognize that the appropriate control of risks in line with our particular operations and risks is a key issue relating to overall 
management. In order to ensure our business remains sound and stable while we elevate our corporate value, we maintain risk 
management frameworks and control measures. In this regard, we are approaching climate change as a global issue with the 
potential to impact the stability of financial markets, representing a threat to the environment, society, people’ s lifestyles and 
businesses, and we are managing climate-related risks accordingly. 
 
1. Risk management framework for climate-related risks 
At Mizuho, we improve corporate value by implementing business strategy, financial strategy, and risk management from an 
overall perspective. One part of this is our risk appetite framework (RAF). Our Board of Directors determines fundamental matters 
and specific risk appetites relevant to the RAF in document form as the risk appetite statement (RAS). 
 
We classify risks into risk categories such as credit risk and market risk and manage these risks appropriately in line w ith their 
particular nature. Further, we have established a comprehensive  risk management structure to identify and evaluate overall risk 
and to keep risk within limits that are acceptable. 
 
We recognize transition risk and physical risk arising from climate change within this risk management framework, and we 
identify risks that are critical to the implementation of our business plans. In this way, we are controlling risk in line with the 
particular nature of each risk category and in line with our business strategy (Figure 13). 
Figure 13: Risk management framework for climate-related risks 
 
OversightBusiness 
execution
Board of Directors
Risk Committee
President & Group CEO Executive Management 
Committee
Risk Management CommitteeExecutives in charge 
(GCRO and others)
Report
Comprehensive risk management/ risk appetite framework (RAF)
Management of risk categories
Credit risk Market risk Liquidity risk Operational 
risk
RAF
Portfolio
Top risk management
Climate-related risks
Sustainability Promotion 
Committee
Increasing severity of climate change 
impacts (a designated top risk)
5. Risk management 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -49- 
 
 
2. Management of top risks 
We have in place a “top risk management” system to designate risks with major potential impact on the group. 
 
Executive management determines our top risks by reviewing risk events which may harm our corporate value in light of our 
particular vulnerabilities, the external business environment, and other factors (Figure 14). 
 
For designated top risks, we endeavor to enhance our additional risk control measures, both preventive and corrective. We also 
integrate the top risks into our risk appetite policy and business plan as a way of strengthening our governance. In addition, the 
Risk Committee and Board of Directors, with the participation of external experts and outside directors, implement multifaceted 
confirmation of the appropriateness of selection and the status of controls. 
 
Regarding climate-related risks, following COP26 global concerns about climate change have escalated further, and a range of 
stakeholders are expecting and demanding greater action from financial institutions. Under this business environment, we have  
been taking an expansive view towards climate change risks and reaffirming the hazards that constitute the causes of these risks. 
Consequently, we have designated increasing severity of climate change impacts as a top risk that our group must recognize and 
address. 
 
Figure 14: Process for designating top risks 
 
 
 
  
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
Stage III
Top risks
Stage II 
Top risk candidates
Stage I
Comprehensive potential risks
External environment Internal environment
A wide range of internal 
and external potential 
risks that may harm our 
corporate value
Risks with a high level of 
probability and impact, and 
aggregate risks with a high 
level of similarity/relevance
Risks with the potential to 
materialize within 
approximately five years 
and have a major impact on 
the Mizuho group
Step 1
Step 2
Step 3
Changes in politics, the 
economy, society, and the 
business environment, 
and regulatory trends and 
technical innovations
Infrastructure and 
governance, affecting  
people, goods, money, 
etc.
 
-50- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
3. Risk control in carbon-related sectors 
(1) Overview of risk control framework for carbon-related sectors 
At Mizuho, we establish exposure control policies and control risk in high-risk areas among sectors recognized as facing transition 
risk at particularly high levels (carbon-related sectors). 
 
These high-risk areas are identified by evaluating risk along two axes: (1) our clients ’ sectors, and (2) our clients ’ measures to 
address transition risk. Our risk evaluation determines (1) the client’s sector based on the largest component in the sales/energy 
mix of their business activities, and (2) the client ’s transition risk response based on their formulation of transition strategies and 
targets, the level of their targets, the progress on their strategy, and similar factors (Figure 15). 
Figure 15: Risk control framework for carbon-related sectors 
 
1. Carbon-related sectors: Sectors Mizuho has recognized through a qualitative evaluation as facing transition risk at particularly high levels. 
2. Sector: Companies are divided into sectors based on the largest component in the sales/energy mix of their business activities. 
3. Transition risk response: Companies ’ responses to transition r isk are confirmed through engagement. We consider willingness to take 
measures against transition risks, development of the strategy, setting of quantitative targets, target levels, specificity of means of achievement 
and status of efforts, performance and objectivity, etc. 
4. Transition risk response low: Indicates no willingness to take measures against transition risk and no effective transition s trategy have been 
confirmed. 
 
We control risk in high-risk areas under the following exposure control policy. 
 
Further, we are following international trends and continually striving to clarify and improve our criteria for supporting business 
structure transformation.  
Corporate credit Project
Finance Transition risk response
Sector
Electric 
power 
(utilities)
Power generation
Main: Coal-fired power
Carbon-related 
sectors
Main: Oil/gas fired etc.
Main： Renewable energy ・
nuclear power
Power transmission
Resource
CoalThermal coal
Carbon-related sectorsMetallurgical coal
Oil and gas
Steel
Cement
Other
Low High
Key ： High-risk area
(Horizontal axis)
Support for promoting clients’ responses to 
transaction risks
(Vertical axis)
Support for transforming business 
composition to lower-risk fields
Direction of support through engagement
*1
*3*4
*2
 We are more thoroughly engaging with clients to support them in formulating effective strategies for transition risks, in disclosing 
their progress, and in embarking on business structure transformation towards a lower risk sector at an early stage. 
 With the aim of facilitating business structure transformation, we provide any necessary support when we have been able to 
confirm that the client has set valid targets and planned an appropriate transition strategy in line with international standards. 
 We carefully consider whether or not to continue our business with a client in the event that the client is not willing to address 
transition risk and has not formulated a transition strategy even one year after the initial engagement. 
 In this way, we are reducing our exposure over the medium to long term. 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -51- 
 
(2) Strengthened risk control in carbon-related sectors (details)  
Mizuho is improving risk control in carbon-related sectors in stages (Table 9). In FY2021, we performed another qualitative 
evaluation of risks and opportunities. The results of the new evaluation led us to add steel and cement, which we identified as 
high transition risk sectors, to our list of carbon-related sectors and begin undertaking risk control in them (For details on the 
qualitative evaluation, see page 38). 
 
In addition, we strengthened our handling of cases in which we do not see progress from our engagement, with the aim of raising 
the effectiveness of our engagement and restraining climate-related risk for both our clients and Mizuho. 
Table 9: Details of strengthened risk control in carbon-related sectors 
(Underlined parts indicate strengthened elements) 
 
(3) Exposure in high-risk areas 
Our credit exposure in high-risk areas (electric utilities, oil, gas, coal, steel, and cement) has declined from ¥1.8 trillion as of March 
31, 2021 (in electric utilities, oil, gas, and coal) to ¥1.6 trillion 15 as of March 31, 2022.  We will continue to improve our scope of 
analysis and approach for high-risk areas. 
  
                                         
14 Excluding renewable energy, nuclear power, and power transmission. 
15 ¥1.6 trillion when calculated under the same standards as the previous fiscal year (electric utilities, oil, gas, and coal). 
Item Overview Previous Current 
Carbon-
related 
sectors 
Sectors Mizuho has 
recognized through a 
qualitative evaluation as 
facing transition risk at 
particularly high levels 
Electric utilities14, oil, gas, and coal Electric utilities14, oil, gas, coal, steel, 
and cement 
Risk control 
in carbon-
related 
sectors 
Framework to assess 
risk along two axes—our 
clients’ sectors, and our 
clients’ measures to 
address transition risk—
as a means of 
identifying and 
monitoring high-risk 
areas 
Confirm at least once a year through 
client engagement and evaluate risk. 
• Sector: Companies are divided into 
sectors based on the largest 
component in the sales/energy mix of 
their business activities. 
• Transition risk response: Based on 
disclosures, interviews, and other 
sources of information. 
Continuing to implement the measures 
at the left. 
 
Clarified the confirmation standards we 
use in our engagement through our 
Environmental and Social Management 
Policy for Financing and Investment 
Activity. 
(For details on these confirmation 
standards, see pages 73 to 83.) 
Response 
policy for 
high-risk 
areas 
Risk control methods for 
exposure in high-risk 
areas 
• We are more thoroughly engaging 
with clients to support them in 
formulating effective strategies for 
transition risks, in disclosing their 
progress, and in embarking on 
business structure transformation 
towards a lower risk sector at an 
early stage. 
• In undertaking such engagement 
with our clients, if a client does not 
make progress on addressing their 
transition risks even after a certain 
period of time, we carefully consider 
our transactions with the client. 
• In this way, we are reducing our 
exposure in high-risk areas over the 
medium to long term. 
Made the following additions: 
• We carefully consider whether or not 
to continue our business with a client 
in the event that the client is not 
willing to address transition risk and 
has not formulated a transition 
strategy even one year after the initial 
engagement. 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-52- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
(4) Exposure by sector based on recommended disclosures under the TCFD Recommendations 
Based on the disclosures recommended within the TCFD Recommendations, our credit exposure1617 by sector is as follows. The 
sectors subject to disclosure are the same as those in the qualitative evaluation described above (Figure 7). Among these sectors, 
we are undertaking risk control in the ones we have recognized as facing transition risk at particularly high levels (carbon-related 
sectors). 
 
Table 10: Reference – Credit exposure by sector in line with the recommended disclosures  
under the TCFD Recommendations (as of March 31, 2022) 
Sector (colored text indicates carbon-related sectors) Exposure (JPY 1T) Percentage of 
exposure 
Electric Utilities 9.0 3.7% 
 
- Power generation (coal-fired) 1.7 0.7% 
- Power generation (oil, gas, others) 3.3 1.4% 
- Power generation (renewable energy, nuclear power) 2.7 1.1% 
- Power transmission 1.2 0.5% 
Coal 0.2 0.1% 
 - Thermal coal 0.1 0.0% 
- Metallurgical coal 0.1 0.0% 
Oil and Gas 8.2 3.4% 
Energy subtotal 17.4 7.1% 
Air Freight 1.2 0.5% 
Maritime Transportation 2.0 0.8% 
Rail Transport 2.2 0.9% 
Automobiles 6.2 2.5% 
Transportation subtotal 11.6 4.8% 
Metals and Mining 2.0 0.8% 
Steel 2.6 1.1% 
Construction Materials 0.4 0.2% 
Cement 0.2 0.1% 
Chemicals 6.4 2.6% 
Capital Goods 9.7 4.0% 
Real Estate Management and Development 15.8 6.5% 
Materials and Buildings subtotal 37.3 15.3% 
Beverages 0.8 0.3% 
Agriculture 0.2 0.1% 
Packaged Foods and Meats 2.6 1.0% 
Paper and Forest Products 0.8 0.3% 
Agriculture, Food, and Forest Products subtotal 4.3 1.7% 
Insurance 1.3 0.5% 
Above sectors total 71.8 29.5% 
 
All-sector total 243.8 100% 
  
                                         
16 Sectors: All sectors recommended for disclosure following the November 2021 revision to the TCFD Recommendations, as well as the 
insurance sector, which we identified as facing high levels of physical risk in our qualitative evaluation. Regarding our classification method, 
we determine sectors based on the industry type classification established by the Bank of Japan. 
17 Total of Mizuho Bank and Mizuho Trust & Banking’s loans, foreign exchange assets, acceptances and guarantees, and committed lines of 
credit. 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -53- 
 
(5) Client progress on addressing transition risk 
Mizuho confirms clients’ measures to address transition risk through engagement and supports clients’ progress on transitioning 
in a phased manner. In FY2021, we saw steady progress on transition risk responses among clients in the energy and 
resources sectors18 (Figure 16). 
 
Specific examples of progress 
 Declaration of commitment to net zero by 2050 and setting of targets towards that goal. 
 Execution of initiatives that look ahead to business structure transformation (including proof-of-concept trials of next-
generation technology). 
 
We will continue to practice engagement and provide financial and non-financial solutions to facilitate our clients’ progress on 
pursuing decarbonizaton and addressing transition risk. In doing so, we will improve climate change resilience for both our 
clients and Mizuho. 
Figure 16: Client progress on addressing transition risk 
 
  
                                         
18 Scope of calculations: Within carbon-related sectors, corporate credit to the energy (coal-, oil-, and gas-fired power generation) and 
resources (coal, oil, and gas) sectors, which have been targeted sectors since last fiscal year. 
518 companies
137 companies
381 companies
1%
1%
1%
53%
31%
47%
45%
61%
50%
1%
8%
3%
Resources
Power generation
Total
13%
2%
10%
51%
43%
49%
36%
51%
40%
0%
4%
1%
Resources
Power generation
Total
0%
0%
0%
32%
14%
25%
66%
80%
71%
1%
7%
4%
Resources
Power generation
Total
1%
0%
1%
33%
53%
41%
65%
43%
57%
0%
4%
1%
Resources
Power generation
Total
(1) (2) Transition risk response (3) (4)
2) By amount of credit exposure
As of March 31, 2021
As of March 31, 2022
1) By number of companies
As of March 31, 2021
As of March 31, 2022
497 companies
144 companies
353 companies
¥9.7 trillion
¥3.5 trillion
¥6.2 trillion
¥9.7 trillion
¥3.9 trillion
¥5.8 trillion
518 companies
137 companies
381 companies
Low High
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-54- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
Mizuho divides clients into the following four classifications based on disclosures, interviews, and other sources of information. 
(1) Has no policy to address transition risk and has set no targets 
(2) Has a strategy to address transition risk and has set targets 
(3) Has set targets aligned with those in the Paris Agreement and is implementing specific initiatives 
(4) Has met the requirements in (3) and has also obtained third-party certification 
Our engagement has enabled us to make further advancements in ascertaining and understanding our clients’ transition risk 
responses in depth. March 2021 to March 2022 data also covers cases in which a client’s classification changed because of 
such advancements. 
Transition risk response results as of March 2021 were confirmed during December 2020 to February 2021 and as of March 2022 
during December 2021 to February 2022. 
  
  
TCFD Report 2022  -55- 
 
4. Financing and investment accounting for climate-related risks 
(1) Overview of our Environmental and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity 
Mizuho commits to considering the environment and respecting internationally recognized human rights in our Mizuho Code of 
Conduct, Environmental Policy, and Human Rights Policy (Figure 17). We have also established an Environmental and Social 
Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity for the purpose of avoiding and mitigating adverse environmental and 
social impacts resulting from our financing and investment activity.19 The policy identifies industries and sectors that have a high 
possibility of contributing to adverse impacts (Figure 18). 
 
Figure 17: Positioning of our Environmental and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity 
 
 
Figure 18: Overview of our Environmental and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity 
Environmental and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity 
When determining whether to engage in transactions, we account for the degree to which the client has taken steps to avoid 
or mitigate risk and other due diligence as appropriate, based on the characteristics of the services we are providing. 
Regardless 
of Sector 
Prohibited 
 Projects with an adverse impact on wetlands designated as Wetlands of International Importance under 
the Ramsar Convention 
 Projects with an adverse impact on UNESCO World Heritage sites 
 Projects violating the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora 
(Washington Convention) 
 Projects which cause forced labor, child labor, or human trafficking 
Additional 
Due 
Diligence 
 Projects with adverse impacts on indigenous peoples’ local communities 
 Projects involving land expropriation that causes forced relocation of residents 
 Projects which cause violation of human rights in conflict areas 
Forced Labor, Child 
Labor, Human 
Trafficking 
 Companies exposed to risks of forced labor, child labor, or human trafficking. 
 Policy: Aims to eliminate forced labor, child labor, and human trafficking from our business and value 
chain and strengthens our human rights due diligence. 
Transition Risk Sectors 
 Target: Companies whose primary businesses are in power generation (coal-fired, oil-fired, gas-fired), 
coal mining, oil and gas, steel, or cement. 
 Policy: Proactively undertake engagement to support transition to a low-carbon society. 
 Check at least once per year on the status of transition risk response. 
We carefully consider whether or not to continue our business with a client in the event that the 
client is not willing to address transition risk and has not formulated a transition strategy even 
one year after the initial engagement. 
Specific Industrial 
Sectors 
Weapons Coal-fired power 
generation Thermal coal mining Oil and gas 
Large-scale 
hydropower Large-scale agriculture Palm oil Lumber and pulp 
 
  
                                         
19 Financing and capital raising support provided by Mizuho. Specifically, lending, trust and custody, and underwriting services provided by our 
core group companies of Mizuho Bank, Mizuho Trust & Banking, Mizuho Securities, and Mizuho Americas and by subsidiaries of these four 
companies worldwide. 
Environmental PolicyHuman Rights Policy
Environmental and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity
Mizuho Code of Conduct
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-56- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
(2) Implementation based on the Equator Principles 
In addition to the Environmental and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity, we have been applying 
the Equator Principles for the financing of projects involving large-scale development or construction, while working with clients 
to identify, assess, and manage environmental and social risks and impacts. In 2003, Mizuho Bank became the first financial 
institution in Asia to adopt the Equator Principles. 
 
(3) Implementation of our Environmental and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity 
Our core group companies implement the Environmental and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity in 
line with the characteristics of their respective businesses and have developed verification processes for the screening stage and 
throughout the transaction term (Table 11). In regard to governance, the Executive Management Committee and other committees 
regularly review whether the policy is appropriate and sufficient, with consideration to changes in the external business 
environment and the results of implementation. Following these reviews, said committees revise the policy and enhance its 
implementation. Further, our employees and executive officers are also being well informed and trained. 
 
Table 11: Implementation of Environmental and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity 
Verification 
process when 
screening a 
potential 
transaction 
 We confirm/determine whether or not the prospective client or project for any financing or investment belongs 
to one of the industries or sectors stipulated in the policy. 
 In the event we find when determining whether or not to engage in the transaction that the prospective client 
does belong to one of these sectors, in line with the policy we may prohibit financing and investment or we 
may confirm the degree to which the client has taken steps to avoid or mitigate risk and other due diligence 
as appropriate, based on the characteristics of the services we are providing. 
Verification 
process during 
the transaction 
term 
 Core group companies engage (hold constructive dialogue) with clients in transition risk sectors and specific 
industrial sectors at least once yearly in line with the characteristics of their respective businesses. (See 
pages 73 to 83 for the confirmation standards used in engagement.) 
- Verify the degree to which clients have taken steps to avoid or mitigate environmental and social risks. 
- With clients in transition risk sectors, discuss medium- to long-term issues and confirm the status of the 
client’s response in regard to climate change opportunities and risks. 
 In the event that we identify any acts in violation of the policy during the term of a transaction, we determine 
whether or not to continue the transaction after responding to the discovery, such as by urging the client to 
take immediate remedial measures, based on the characteristics of the services we are providing. 
Governance 
 Our business execution and supervisory lines (see page 14 for details on governance) regularly review 
whether our measures related to the risks, sectors, and other factors are appropriate and sufficient, with 
consideration to changes in the external business environment and the results of implementation. Following 
these reviews, they may revise or otherwise make changes to our policies to enhance their implementation. 
Education and 
training  To ensure effective risk management, employees and executive officers participate in education and training. 
Stakeholder 
communication 
 We place a strong emphasis on engagement with stakeholders to ensure that our initiatives are aligned with 
society’s standards and expectations 
 
(4) Environmental and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity enhancements and advances 
Mizuho periodically revises the policy and strengthens initiatives to avoid and mitigate adverse impacts on the environment and 
society. This serves to further our measures to respond to climate change, protect biodiversity, and respect human rights and to 
reflect the expectations and perspectives of stakeholders. 
 
In March 2022, we revised the elements of the policy that cover transition risk sectors, the coal-fired power generation sector, 
and the thermal coal mining sector in order to enhance our measures to address climate change (Figure 19; see pages 73 to 83 
for details on the policy).  
  
TCFD Report 2022  -57- 
 
Figure 19: Overview of Environmental and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity  
and status of additions and revisions (climate change-related) 
Targeted sectors Policy (Underlines indicate revisions made in March 2022.) 
Transition Risk Sectors 
 
Targets 
・ Companies whose primary businesses are in power generation (coal-fired, oil-fired, gas-
fired), coal mining, oil and gas, steel, or cement. 
Policies 
・ Proactively undertake engagement to support transition to a low-carbon society. 
・ Check at least once per year on the status of transition risk response, based on the following 
criteria. (Clarified) 
Confirmation standards: 
Willingness to take measures against transition risks, development of the strategy, setting of 
quantitative targets, target levels, specificity of means of achievement and status of efforts, 
performance and objectivity, etc. 
・ We carefully consider whether or not to continue our business with a client in the event that 
the client is not willing to address transition risk and has not formulated a transition strategy 
even one year after the initial engagement. 
Coal-fired power generation
 
・ We do not provide financing or investment to companies with which we have no current 
credit transactions if the primary business of these companies is coal-fired power 
generation. 
・ We do not provide financing or investment which will be used for new construction of coal-
fired power plants or the expansion of existing plants (the same applies to replacement of 
existing power plants). 
・ We will continue to support development of innovative, clean, and efficient next-generation 
technology that will contribute to the expansion of sustainable energy, as well as other 
initiatives for the transition to a low-carbon society. 
Thermal coal mining 
 
・ Our decisions regarding financing and investment for coal mining projects involve a 
thorough examination of the impacts on the environment, industrial safety and health, and 
other areas. 
・ We do not provide financing or investment to companies with which we have no current 
credit transactions if the primary business of these companies is the mining of thermal coal. 
・ We do not provide financing or investment which will be used for new thermal coal mining 
projects or for expansion of existing mining projects. 
・ For cases where it will be used to obtain the rights to an existing thermal coal mining 
project, we may provide financing or investment, based on careful consideration, only when 
it is vital to the stable energy supply of a country which has announced a target of net-zero 
greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. 
Oil and gas
 
・ Our decisions regarding financing and investment for oil and gas projects involve a thorough 
examination of the impacts on the environment and of the potential for conflicts with 
indigenous peoples or local communities. 
・ When providing financing or investment that will be used for oil or gas extraction in the Arctic, 
oil sands, shale oil, and shale gas extraction, and pipeline, we carry out appropriate 
environmental and social risk assessments. 
Large-scale agriculture
 
・ Our business decisions involve a thorough examination of whether there are any potential 
conflicts involving indigenous peoples or local communities, and we take into consideration 
whether the client/project is addressing environmental and social issues and has received 
international certification. 
・ We urge clients to formulate policies to respect Free, Prior, and Informed Consent (FPIC) 
and practice No Deforestation, No Peat, and No Exploitation (NDPE), and to strengthen 
supply chain management and improve traceability to ensure the same applies to their 
entire supply chain. 
・ In the palm oil sector, we require that all plantations be certified by the Roundtable on 
Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO). When the client does not have any plans to be certified by 
the RSPO, we ask that they take measures equivalent to those required for the certification 
and periodically report the status of said measures. 
・ In the lumber and pulp sector, when financing and investing in lumbering businesses in 
countries that are not among the OECD high-income member states, we request them to 
obtain certification from the Forest Stewardship Council or Programme for the Endorsement 
of Forest Certification. When the client needs more time to obtain certification, we ask that 
they formulate a plan with a set deadline to do so. 
Palm oil
 
Lumber and pulp
 
  
2018
 2019
 2020
 2021
 2022
2018
 2019
 2020
 2021
 2022
2018 2019
 2020
 2021
 2022
2018 2019
 2020
 2021
 2022
2018 2019 2020
 2021
 2022
2018 2019
 2020
 2021
 2022
2018 2019
 2020 2021
 2022
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-58- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
 
1. Overview of metrics and targets 
Relation to 
transition 
plan 
Monitoring indicators Targets Recent results Details 
Net-zero 
GHG 
emissions 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions20 Carbon neutral by FY2030 
(Carbon neutrality to be maintained 
thereafter) 
FY2020: 169,237 tCO2 
- Scope 1:  14,053 
- Scope 2: 155,184 pp. 26, 
59 
Scope 1 and 2 energy 
consumption 
FY2020: 430,690 MWh 
- Scope 1:  68,287 
- Scope 2: 362,403 
Scope 3 (business trips) 
emissions N/A FY2020: 1,375 tCO2 
ESG 
Data 
Book21 
Scope 3 (emissions from 
financing and investment) Net zero by 2050 N/A 
pp. 23 
– 25, 
59 
- Electric power sector 
FY2030: 138 to 232 
kgCO2/MWh FY2020: 388 kgCO2/MWh 
Strengthen 
low-carbon 
business 
Sustainable finance and 
environmental finance 
Total for FY2019 to FY2030: 
¥25 trillion 
(of which the target for 
environmental finance is  
¥12 trillion) 
Total for FY2019 to FY2021: 
¥13.1 trillion 
(of which the results for 
environmental finance is  
¥4.6 trillion) 
p. 60 
Enhance 
climate-
related risk 
management 
Target to reduce the 
outstanding credit balance for 
coal-fired power generation 
facilities based on our 
Environmental and Social 
Management Policy for 
Financing and Investment 
Activity 
Reduce the FY2019 amount 
by 50% by FY2030, and 
achieve an outstanding 
credit balance of zero by 
FY2040 
March 31, 2022: ¥248.6 billion 
(-17% compared to March 31, 
2019) 
p. 60 
Exposure to high-risk areas 
within transition risk sectors 
Reduce over the medium to 
long term March 31, 2022: ¥1.6 trillion p. 51 
 
Items for disclosure aside from monitoring indicators 
- Sector-by-sector credit exposure in line with the TCFD disclosure recommendations  p. 52 
- GHG emissions from financing and investment (“financed emissions”) based on PCAF methodology pp. 61 – 65 
 
  
                                         
20Target of analysis / scope of data collection: Seven group companies (Mizuho Financial Group, Mizuho Bank, Mizuho Trust & Banking, Mizuho 
Securities, Mizuho Research & Technologies, Asset Management One, and Mizuho Americas). 
21ESG Data Book: https://www.mizuhogroup.com/sustainability/mizuhocsr/report/data 
6. Metrics and targets 
Brought forward 
New 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -59- 
 
2. Details about metric and target items 
(1) Scope 1 and 2 (GHG emissions from our own business activities) 
 
Table 12: Scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions and energy consumption 
Item Unit FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 
CO2 emissions tCO2 229,735 218,966 207,575 183,278 169,237 
 Scope 1 (direct emissions) tCO2 16,026 16,028 15,845 14,756 14,053 
Scope 2 (indirect emissions) tCO2 213,709 202,780 191,730 168,522 155,184 
Energy consumption MWh 523,309 512,691 499,334 453,129 430,690 
 Scope 1 MWh 77,573 78,166 77,152 71,437 68,287 
Scope 2 MWh 445,736 434,525 422,182 381,692 362,403 
Scope of data collection: Eight group companies (Mizuho Financial Group, Mizuho Bank, Mizuho Trust & Banking, Mizuho Securities, Mizuho 
Research Institute*, Mizuho Information & Research Institute*, Asset Management One, and Mizuho Americas). Up to and including FY2017, 
the scope included nine group companies, including Trust & Custody Services Bank. 
*Mizuho Research & Technologies since April 2021. 
 
Figure 20: Scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions 
 
The results for FY2021 will be disclosed in our ESG Data Book once they are calculated.22 
 
(2) Scope 3 (GHG emissions from financing and investment) mid-term targets 
We have a long-term goal of achieving net-zero GHG emissions from financing and investment by 2050. To make the pathway to 
reaching this goal more tangible, we are pressing forward with setting sector-specific mid-term targets (to be reached by FY2030), 
starting with priority sectors. 
 
See pages 23 to 25 for details regarding the setting of numerical mid -term targets for the electric power sector, and page 67 for 
information about sectors planned for target setting going forward. 
 
 
 
 
                                         
22 ESG Data Book: https://www.mizuhogroup.com/sustainability/mizuhocsr/report/data 
230 219
208
183 169
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2022 FY2030
(1,000 tCO2) Scope2
Scope1
(target) (target) 
133 
Carbon neutral 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-60- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
 
(3) Sustainable finance and environmental finance 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(4) Target to reduce the outstanding credit balance for coal-fired power generation facilities based on our Environmental 
and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(5) Exposure to high-risk areas within transition risk sectors 
See page 51. 
 
  
(2.6) (4.6)
FY2020 FY2021
+6.0 
7.1 
13.1 
(o/w environmental) 
(JPY 1T) 
Cumulative total 
from FY2019 
Targets 
Total for FY2019 to FY2030: 
¥25 trillion 
(of which, ¥12 trillion in 
environmental finance) 
(For a detailed breakdown of results, see page 36.) 
2,995 
2,486 
March 31, 2020 March 31, 2022
Targets 
Compared to FY2019 
Through FY2030: -50% 
Through FY2040: Zero balance 
-509 (-17.0%) 
(JPY 100M) 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -61- 
 
3. Measurement of financed emissions based on PCAF 
Indirect GHG emissions from financing and investment (financed emissions) occupy the largest share of financial institutions ’ 
Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions. In our view, initiatives towards measuring, monitoring, and reducing these emissions are crucial. At 
the same tim e, obtaining usable and accurate data and developing an robust and efficient measurement process remains a 
challenge. 
Figure 21: Reference – Percentages of Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions by sector 
 
 
Source: TCFD, Guidance on Metrics, Targets, and Transition Plans, October 2021. 
Original source: Kepler-Cheuvreux, Carbon Compass: Investor Guide to Carbon Footprinting, 360 Report, November 2015. 
The red frame indicates an addition made by Mizuho. This data shows that Scope 3 downstream emissions make up the vast majority of Scope 
1, 2, and 3 emissions for the banking industry. 
Table 13: Reference – 15 categories of Scope 3 emissions 
Classification Category  Classification Category 
Upstream 
1 Purchased goods and services  
Downstream 
9 Downstream transportation and 
distribution 
2 Capital goods  10 Processing of sold products 
3 Fuel- and energy -related activities not 
included in Scope 1 or 2 
 11 Use of sold products 
4 Upstream transportation and distribution  12 End-of-life treatment of sold 
products 
5 Waste generated in operations  13 Downstream leased assets 
6 Business travel  14 Franchises 
7 Employee commuting  15 Investments 
8 Upstream leased assets     
Source: Created by Mizuho based on Greenhouse Gas Protocol and Japan Ministry of the Environment materials. 
In our TCFD Report 2021, we estimated our GHG  emissions intensity from project finance for power generation projects, based 
on the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) Global GHG Accounting and Reporting Standard for the Financial 
Industry (“PCAF Standard”). We were the first Japanese bank to publish such a disclosure. 
 
 
 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-62- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
Subsequently, we became the first Japanese financial institution to join PCAF, and we moved forward a range of initiatives for 
expanding the assets and sectors subject to measurement, for verifying data collection methods, and for making projections using 
the PCAF database. This year, we are disclosing our financed emissions from corporate finance and pr oject finance across 19 
sectors, as below. 
 
Going forward, our measurements may change significantly due to companies expanding their disclosure of their emissions and 
improving their estimates. 
 
1) Overview of measurement 
Targeted 
assets 
Loans (corporate finance and project finance)23 
Corresponds to the business loans portion of “business loans and unlisted equity” and to “project finance” from among 
the six asset classes given in the PCAF Standard. 
Targeted 
sectors 
The following 19 sectors based on recommended disclosures under the TCFD Recommendations 
Electric Utilities Coal Oil and Gas Air Freight Maritime 
Transportation  
Rail 
Transportation 
Automobiles Metals and 
Mining 
Steel Construction 
Materials 
Cement Chemicals Capital Goods Real Estate 
Management and 
Development 
Beverages 
Agriculture Packaged Foods 
and Meats 
Paper and 
Forest Products 
Insurance  
These match the sectors in the qualitative evaluation described in section Risks posed to the Mizuho group by climate 
change (page 38) and the sectors described in section Exposure by sector based on recommended disclosures under 
the TCFD Recommendations (page 52).  
Of the sectors stipulated by the NZBA, aluminum is included under Metals and Mining. 
Basic formula 
Financed emissions (FE) = (1) Attribution factor c  x  (2) Company emissions c 
 
 
 
 
(1) Attribution factor = 
 
 
 
(2) Company emissions = Clients’ disclosed values for Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions. Estimates used 
when disclosures not available. 
Target year 
Base year: FY2020 
- Mizuho loan balance: As of March 31, 2021. 
- Clients’ financial data and emissions data: In principle, the most recent fiscal year data available as of 
March 31, 2021. 
Sources of 
emissions 
data 
Corporate finance and project finance (excluding for power generation projects) 
- We used data from data vendors, company disclosures, and company interviews (equivalent to data 
quality score 1 or 2). 
- When the above were not available, we used the emission factors for the sector per unit of revenue 
from the PCAF database (calculated by region and sector) (equivalent to data quality score 4). 
Project finance for power generation projects 
- We estimated by multiplying the project’s annual power generation by the power generation emission 
factor from the IEA World Energy Outlook (calculated by region and sector) (equivalent to data quality 
score 3). 
                                         
23 Combined figures for the loan balances of Mizuho Bank and Mizuho Trust & Banking. This includes foreign exchange assets, acceptances, 
and guarantees. It does not include available credit under committed lines of credit, securities, derivatives, and similar. Loans to special 
purpose vehicles for securitization, trade finance, and sovereign loans are outside the scope of this measurement, as it is not possible to 
calculate an attribution factor for them. 
Σ 
c 
Outstanding loans from Mizuho to clients
Clients’ corporate value
(total equity + debt)
  
TCFD Report 2022  -63- 
 
Table 14: Reference – PCAF data quality score approach 
PCAF divides the quality of emissions data as below. In calculating the data quality score for the sectors, we followed the P CAF 
Standard methodology and aggregated weighted averages for lending in each sector. 
Data quality Overview
Score 1 Emissions data from company disclosures (with third-party certification)
Emissions data from company disclosures (without third-party certification)
Emissions data estimated from company energy consumption and emission
factor
Score 3 Emissions data estimated from company production and emission factor
Score 4 Emissions data estimated from company sales and emission factor
Score 5 Emissions data estimated from company financing and investment balance
and emission factor
Score 2
Option
Reported emissions
Physical activity-
based
Estimated emissions
Economic activity-
based
CertainUncertain
 
Source: Mizuho, based on the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials, The Global GHG Accounting and Reporting Standard for the Financial 
Industry. 
 
(2) Measurement results 
 
 
Electric 
Utilities 
Oil and Gas 
Steel 
Automobiles 
Capital 
Goods 
Chemicals 
Maritime 
Transportation 
Metals and 
Mining 
Foods and 
Meats 
Cement 
Paper and 
Forest Products 
Construction 
Materials 
Aviation 
Coal 
Agriculture 
Rail 
Transportation 
Real Estate 
Beverages 
Insurance 
Financed Emissions (MtCO2) 
Scope 1 and 2 51.6 44.1 23.4 1.9 2.4 8.6 5.7 2.1 3.8 3.3 2.2 2.0 1.2 1.1 0.4 0.4 0.2 0.2 0.1 
Scope 3 26.5 76.6 13.9 61.7 60.9 32.0 4.1 12.1 6.4 2.2 2.2 1.7 1.3 1.3 1.7 0.5 0.9 0.6 0.2 
Data quality score (1 is the highest quality, 5 is the lowest quality) 
Scope 1 and 2 2.4 2.2 1.7 1.8 2.5 2.1 3.0 2.6 3.3 2.1 2.4 2.1 1.9 3.1 2.2 2.5 3.1 2.3 2.3 
Scope 3 2.5 2.7 1.7 1.9 2.5 2.4 3.1 2.6 3.4 3.1 3.5 2.2 1.9 3.1 2.2 3.5 3.7 3.0 2.3 
Loan balance (USD 1B)  [USD 350B total] 
Financed 
emissions 
measurements 
45 35 15 48 54 32 8 11 14 2 5 3 4 1 1 13 49 4 7 
Measurement 
coverage 
percentage1 
97% 80% 100% 100% 98% 97% 72% 99% 97% 99% 92% 100% 91% 100% 100% 99% 88% 96% 93% 
Companies / projects2  [9,649 total] 
Companies / 
projects 
measured 
427 231 181 990 2,349 888 155 653 742 71 244 92 41 13 10 69 2,372 85 36 
 
1. Measurement coverage percentage: The percentage of financed emissions that we were able to measure from the targeted loan amounts 
in each sector. The remaining financed emissions could not be measured due to factors such as the data not having adequate usability or 
accuracy for calculation of the attribution factor, or such as emissions data not being obtainable either from disclosures or as estimates. 
2. Companies/projects: Excluding clients and projects without a loan balance as of the base dat e and clients without measured financed 
emissions. 
3. Electric utilities sector includes not only power generation businesses but also all companies and projects engaged in power transmission 
businesses. 
4. Oil and gas sector includes not only upstream production businesses but also all midstream and downstream companies and projects 
  
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
3 4 
 
-64- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electric Utilities 
Oil and Gas 
Steel 
Automobiles 
Capital Goods 
Chemicals 
Maritime 
Transportation 
Metals and Mining 
Foods and Meats 
Cement 
Paper and Forest 
Products 
Construction 
Materials 
Aviation 
Coal 
Agriculture 
Rail 
Transportation 
Real Estate 
Beverages 
Insurance 
 
 
Notes on measurement results 
・ Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions data from client reports and disclosures includes data in which the scope of calculations does 
not extend beyond some consolidated companies and business and data which is still undergoing improvemen ts in 
calculation methods. As such, the results of measurement of financed emissions may change significantly in the future due 
to clients expanding their calculations of emissions. 
・ We applied the emission factor from the IEA World Energy Outlook to estimate emissions from project finance for power 
generation projects and the emission factors for the sector per unit of revenue from the PCAF database to estimate emissions 
from corporate finance. These emission factors may be further refined or otherwise modified going forward, which may also 
lead to significant changes in the results of measurement. 
・ Methods of measurement may also change in the future due to changes and improvements to the methodology of the PCAF 
Standard, clarification of practical standards  for measurement and target setting (definitions, scope of measurement, time 
frames, etc.), and similar factors. In the event of such changes, we will clearly state which points have changed when 
disclosing our measurement results. 
 
(3) Actions going forward 
This year we have disclosed measurement results for 19 sectors in corporate finance and project finance, but we still face many 
challenges regarding measurement. The following are some examples of issues that should be addressed going forward. 
 
a. Scope of measurement 
Asset class: Because of a lack of data and of an established methodology, our measurements excluded loans to special purpose 
vehicles for securitization, trade finance, and sovereign loans, even under corporate finance and project finance. Proprietary 
trading and underwriting with individual companies was also outside the scope of measurement, as it constituted only a small 
percentage of the portfolio and did not have an established methodology. 
52Mt
44Mt
23Mt
77Mt
62Mt
61Mt
0
25
50
75
100
0
20
40
60
80
■ Financed emissions [Scope 1, 2 total] (left axis) 
■ Financed emissions [Scope 3] (left axis) 
■ Loan balance (right axis) 
Emissions  
(MtCO2) 
Loan balance  
(USD 1B) 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -65- 
 
 
Sectors: We selected sectors covering all of the recommended disclosures (carbon-related assets) under the TCFD 
Recommendations. However, in order to determine what percentage of Mizuho’s portfolio these sectors comprise, we needed to 
undertake measurement across all sectors. At the same time, as the challenges of obtaining emissions disclosure data from 
sectors outside the scope of this measurement necessitates the use of estimates, we are aware that from the perspective of 
ensuring the usability of data we must give attention to accuracy as well. 
 
In light of the above, we will look into the possibilities of further expanding the scope of measurement in phases by employing new 
methodologies and collecting additional data, while also taking into account our priorities in our goals for measuring financed 
emissions, such as application in future target setting and monitoring for Scope 3 emissions. 
 
b. Improvement of data quality 
We performed the measurement for corporate finance by combining our clients’ reported data (data quality score (“score”) 1 or 2) 
with estimates based on company revenue (score 4) and for project finance for power generation projects by integrating estimates 
based on power generation (score 3). There were more than a few discrepanci es between the company/project reported data 
(score 1 or 2) and estimated data (score 4 or 5). Accurately assessing the real situation will require using more precise data. 
 
While taking into account our priorities in line with our goals for measuring financed emissions, we will pursue greater 
improvements in the quality of data by utilizing more external data, communicating with vendors, and undertaking engagement 
with clients and related stakeholders in regard to their disclosures of emissions. 
 
c. Development of an efficient measurement process 
Throughout FY2021, relevant departments within the Mizuho group coordinated on the measurement project in a trial -and-error 
process. Given that measurement standards and data have yet to fully develop, this effort proved to be labor intensive. 
 
Through our activities as a member of the PCAF Japan coalition, we are working to deepen discussions and resolve issues by 
sharing with other financial institutions the insights and experience we have gained from addressing practical challenges and by 
taking part in developing a framework for efficiently collecting accurate emissions data. In addition, we are looking into developing 
our internal framework for ensuring efficient measurement utilizing technology and other means. 
 
d. Our clients’ approaches to Scope 3 emissions 
Both financial institutions and client companies have only just begun to measure and disclose Scope 3 emissions (categories 1  
to 15) and will be gradually strengthening their initiatives going forward. Furt her, the PCAF database does not currently include 
data (emission factors) for estimating downstream Scope 3 emissions in each sector, and because of this our financed emissions 
values may change significantly in the future. Moreover, the definitions of Scope 1, 2, and 3 can lead to multiple companies double 
counting the same emissions, with the PCAF Standard stating, “Double counting occurs between the different scopes of emissions 
from loans and investments when a financial institution invests in stakeholders that are in the same value chain. This form of 
double counting cannot be avoided but can be made more transparent by separately reporting the scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions of 
loans and investments.”24 
 
In light of the above, we believe becoming able to monitor our clients ’ overall Scope 3 emissions and trends within our financed 
emissions will take more time. We will continue our efforts to improve measurement. 
                                         
24 PCAF, The Global GHG Accounting and Reporting Standard for the Financial Industry, p. 101, Box 6. 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-66- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
 
PCAF and PCAF Japan initiatives 
The Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) is an international initiative that 
develops and implements open-source methodologies to measure the GHG emissions of 
financial institutions’ lending and investment portfolios. As of May 2022, over 260 financial 
institutions have joined PCAF, including commercial banks, investment banks, insurance 
companies, and institutional investors, representing a total of more than USD 73 trillion in 
financial assets. 
 
November 2021 saw the launch of the PCAF Japan coalition for PCAF member institutions 
in Japan, and as of May 2022 18 financial institutions are taking part. 
 
Mizuho Financial Group joined PCAF in July 2021, becoming the first Japanese financial institution to do so. In comparison 
to the previous fiscal year, we have undertaken measurement acr oss a wider range of assets and sectors while utilizing 
PCAF’s insights and emission factors database and taking a trial-and-error approach. 
 
In exploring the estimation of GHG emissions and methods for utilizing such data, we have come across several prac tical 
challenges. These include interpretation of industry types according to Japanese standards, insufficient GHG emission and 
other data from financed entities, a need for efficient data collection methods, and duplicated emissions counting at various 
levels. 
 
To overcome these challenges, it is important that we further strengthen collaboration with our various stakeholders, including 
collaboration in the financial sector. One step we took towards this goal was to contribute to organizing the PCAF Japan 
coalition as the first PCAF member institution from Japan and to serve as chair of the coalition at the time of its launch in 
November 2021. 
 
After discussion among the participating institutions, the PCAF Japan coalition has established and announced an FY2022 
workplan. We are advancing collaboration and the sharing of experience, knowledge, and issues among participating 
financial institutions to promote enhancement of the measurement and disclosure of GHG emissions from loans and 
investments (financed emissions), while also strengthening stakeholder collaboration toward solving common issues. 
 

  
TCFD Report 2022  -67- 
 
4. Scope 3 (GHG emissions from financing and investment) target setting 
(1) Electric power sector mid-term target setting 
Described in detail in 4.2. Achieving net zero (page 23). 
 
(2) Sectors planned for target setting going forward 
In order to pursue efforts to limit the rise in global average temperature to 1.5°C, we have a long-term goal of achieving net -zero 
GHG emissions from our financing and investment  by 2050. To make the pathway to reaching this goal more tangible, we are 
pressing forward with setting mid-term targets (to be reached by FY2030). 
 
We have already set a mid-term target for the electric power sector. We will account for the sectors stipul ated by the NZBA, 
transition risk evaluations, financed emissions, and feasibility and set further targets one-by-one, beginning from key areas. 
 
 
 
  
 FY2022: Electric power sector [Complete] 
   Energy sectors (oil, gas, and coal) 
 Beginning exploration: Steel sector 
    Automobile sector 
    Maritime transportation sector 
Sectors planned 
for target setting 
going forward 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-68- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
 
Addressing climate change and achieving net zero by 2050 will be a long journey. Every fiscal year we will examine our progress 
from the previous fiscal year, the external business environment, and other factors, review our action plan based on the findings 
of our examination, and steadily advance our initiatives. Our FY2022 action plan is shown below. 
 
Starting with our newly established Climate Change Response Taskforce and working groups, we will continue to strengthen and 
accelerate our response to climate change across the whole group, and will pursue contributions to achieving a low-carbon society, 
and high corporate value for both Mizuho and our clients. 
 
Table 15: FY2022 action plan 
Governance • Strengthen and accelerate our business execution line ’s initiatives to carry out our Net Zero 
Transition Plan and report to the supervisory line. 
• Build a response framework based on disclosure regulation trends. 
Strategy • Further improve our ability to provide both financial and non-financial solutions based on client 
engagement. 
• Initiatives aimed at quantifying the financial impacts (risks and opportunities) that accompany climate 
change. 
• Expand our scenario analysis to more sectors. 
• Conduct scenario analysis based on internal and external industrial expertise and clients ’ transition 
plans. 
Risk management • Implement appropriate risk management frameworks that takes into account the trends of regulatory 
authorities around the world. 
• Improve the process for identifying risks and introduce a trial initiative aimed at risk identification and 
quantification. 
• Improve the control policy and exposure plan for carbon-related sectors. 
• Clarify and improve the requirements for providing business structure transformation support. 
• Revise our policy for financing and investment activity  so that it suitably reflects the state of  
environmental and social issues. 
Metrics and 
targets 
• Gradually set sector -specific mid -term Scope 3 (GHG emissions from financing and investment) 
targets. 
• Reflect sector-specific mid -term Scope 3 targets in  detailed plans and measures for achieving 
targets. 
• Implement measures for reducing our own GHG emissions, such as shifting to electricity produced 
by renewable energy. 
 
7. Conclusion 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -69- 
 
 
1. Details of measurement standards for Scope 3 emissions 
(1) Formulas and measurement processes by asset class 
a. PCAF Standard formulas and application 
Corporate finance 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Attribution factor 
 Numerator: On-balance sheet loans from Mizuho to the client25 
Denominator: 
Listed companies The client’s enterprise value including cash (EVIC; the sum of the market capitalization of ordinary 
  and preferred shares and the book values of total debt (bonds + borrowing) and minorities’  
  interests (with no deductions of cash or cash equivalents)) 
Private companies Clients’ corporate value (total equity + debt) 
 Data on listed companies comes from data vendors (Bloomberg). Other data comes from Mizuho’s own credit data. 
 The PCAF Standard allows for estimating financed emissions by multiplying the amount of financing and investment 
in the company by the emission factor s for the sector per unit of asset  from the PCAF database (equi valent to data 
quality score (“score”) 5) when it is not possible to calculate the attribution factor due to missing data. However, when 
we estimated financed emissions using this method, we found significant gaps between the estimates and companies’ 
disclosed values, which could affec t the accuracy of the measurement results. Because of this, we refrained from 
using estimates equivalent to score 5, and financed emissions for which we were not able to calculate an attribution 
factor remain unmeasured. 
 GHG emissions (company emissions) 
We prioritized data in the following order when calculating Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions. 
 Data vendor data (Bloomberg), company disclosure data, company interview data (equivalent to score 1 when 
certified by a third party, score 2 when not). 
 When the above were not available, we multiplied the emission factor s for the sector per unit of revenue from the 
PCAF database (calculated by region and sector) by the company’s sales to estimate GHG emissions (equivalent to 
score 4). 
                                         
25 Combined figures for the loan balances of Mizuho Bank and Mizuho Trust & Banking. This includes foreign exchange assets, acceptances, 
and guarantees. It does not include available credit under committed lines of credit, securities, derivatives, and similar. Loans to special 
purpose vehicles for securitization, trade finance, and sovereign loans are outside the scope of this measurement, as it is not possible to 
calculate an attribution factor for them. 
8. Appendix 
Source: Partnership for Carbon Accounting 
Financials, The Global GHG Accounting & 
Reporting Standard for the Financial Industry. 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-70- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
 
Project finance 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Attribution factor 
 Numerator: On-balance sheet loans from Mizuho to the project 
Denominator: Total project cost for each project (equity + debt) 
 GHG emissions (project emissions) 
 Project finance for power-generation projects: Estimated by multiplying the project’s annual power generation by the 
power generation emission factor from the IEA World Energy Outlook (calculated by region and sector) (equivalent to 
score 3). 
 Other project finance: Same as the above method for calculating corporate finance company emissions. 
 
b. Measurement process 
We have measured emissions from corporate finance and project finance (other than for pow er generation projects) 
using the following steps. 
 
i. Reconciling sector classifications 
 To come up with usable data, we reconciled the sectors in Mizuho’s internal credit data (which are the same as in 
the industry type classification established by the Bank of Japan), in the TCFD recommended disclosures (which 
have no set classification method), and in the PCAF database (which applies multiple classifications, including the 
Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS), North American Industry Classification System (NAICS), and 
Statistical Classification of Economics Activities in the European Community (NACE, from the French abbreviation)). 
ii. Organizing sectors subject to measurement 
 Clients in sectors relevant to the recommended disclosures under the TCFD Recommendations 26 were subject to 
measurement, while others were outside the scope of measurement. 
iii. Organizing Mizuho’s internal credit data 
 We determined the parent company/subsidiary relationships for each individual client and organized them on a 
case-by-case basis according to Mizuho’s business relationship with the parent company and subsidiaries and the 
availability of financial data and emissions data. 
 We reconciled client data from data vendors with Mizuho’s internal credit data 
iv. Calculating attribution factors and company emissions 
 As on previous pages. 
v. Calculating financed emissions and data quality scores 
 We combined the two to calculate financed emissions from all sectors subject to measurement. 
 We weighted the average of the scores of the individual output data by the amount of lending by sector to calculate 
the score for each sector. 
 
 
                                         
26 For target sectors, see page 62. 
Source: Pa rtnership for Carbon Accounting 
Financials, The Global GHG Accounting & 
Reporting Standard for the Financial Industry. 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -71- 
 
We have measured emissions from project finance for power generation projects using the following steps.  
 
i. Extracting the target of measurement 
 We extracted project finance for power generation projects (thermal power generation, renewable energy, and  
others) from Mizuho’s internal credit data. 
ii. Measuring project emissions 
 Annual power generation: We employed internal data to calculate annual power generation per project, accounting 
for power output and capacity factor. 
 Emission factor by region and sector: We applied the region- and sector-specific emission factors from the IEA 
World Energy Outlook to the annual power generation per project above to calculate project emissions (equivalent 
to score 3). 
iii. Measuring financed emissions 
 We applied the attribution factor to measure financed emissions for all projects subject to measurement. 
 
(2) Issues and responses 
We undertook measurement throughout FY2021 and in the process encountered a number of issues, which we attempted to 
resolve through trial-and-error as we came across them. Following are some specific examples. 
 
a. Handling of consolidated and non-consolidated data 
 Issue: Boundaries vary depending on the data set. For example, while data on GHG emissions, EVIC, and corporate 
value in company disclosures is frequently on a consolidated basis, Mizuho’ s internal credit data is on a non-
consolidated basis. Further, some clients in our financing and investment portfolio are subsidiaries in consolidated 
corporate groups that only make financial and emissions data available on a consolidated basis, impeding correct 
calculation of the attribution factor. There is a need to organize the approach to the numerator and denominator of the 
attribution factor and to the boundaries of company emissions in the measurement process. 
 Response: We determined Mizuho’s business relationship with the parent company and subsidiaries for each individual 
client in the credit data. When we had loans with both the parent company and subsidiary, we aggregated them under 
the parent company’s consolidated data. When we had loans only with the subsidiary and emissions and financial data 
were available on a non-consolidated basis or were available only for the parent company on a consolidated basis, we 
organized the data case-by-case. 
 
We also considered that some clients may use different criteria for consolidating emissions data than they do for 
consolidating financial data, but given the work involved in confirming the criteria for consolidation at ea ch individual 
company, we chose to assume that the criteria for both types of data were the same in carrying out our measurements. 
 
b. Reconciling client data from data vendors with Mizuho’s internal credit data 
 Issue: In merging the company emissions and EVIC data we obtained from data vendors with Mizuho’ s internal credit 
data, we needed to perform reconciliation using codes for each client. For companies in Japan, we were able to make 
the securities code the key for the merge. For companies outside Japan, because our internal data does not include the 
relevant code, we needed to make the company name the key. Some company names are similar or abbreviated, and 
reconciling the data based on company names proved to be extremely labor intensive. 
 Response: We reconciled client data one-by-one, excluding data that was low priority due to the size of the balance or 
other reasons. With this measurement process we were able to organize ticker information, and we expect to be able 
to perform reconciliation more efficiently going forward. 
 
 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-72- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
c. Reconciling sector classifications 
 Issue: To come up with usable data, we needed to match the sectors in Mizuho’ s internal credit data (which are the 
same as in the industry type classification established by the Bank of Japan), the TCFD recommended disclosures 
(which has no set classification method), and the PCAF database (which applies multiple classifications, including GICS, 
NAICS, and NACE). 
 Response: We linked each sector after confirming the adequacy of the match. For the TCFD sectors and PCAF 
database sectors, we based the matching on GICS codes. 
 
d. Integrating the PCAF database’s region-specific emission factors 
 Issue: The PCAF database includes emission factor data (to use in making estimates based on revenue or assets) for 
a range of countries and regions. This allows financial institutions to make estimates in line with their own country-
specific portfolios. On the other hand, there is considerable variation in the values of emission factors for different 
countries (e.g. a gap of 3,000x between the minimum and maximum), and applying the emission factors as they are 
runs the risk of producing estimates removed from reality. 
 Response: We consolidated PCAF’s country-specific data into six world regions and calculated emission factors for 
each region (the average of emission factors for the countries in each region). We linked this with the location of the 
headquarters for each of our clients. 
 
e. Obtaining project data 
 Issue: Measuring project emissions from project finance for power generation projects requires project data such as 
power output and capacity factors. While such data was available internally in individual departments, it was not 
centralized. 
 Response: We centralized the project data necessary for measuring project emissions, as well as attribution factor data 
for each project. Going forward, we will update the data each year as necessary and add more projects subject to 
measurement. In this way, we will streamline our management of such data. 
  
  
TCFD Report 2022  -73- 
 
2. Overview of our Environmental and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity  
(complete) 
 
Excerpts of main revisions 
Before revision After revision (effective July 2022) 
Financing and Investment Transactions Prohibited Regardless of Sector 
 Projects with an adverse impact on wetlands 
designated as Wetlands of International 
Importance under the Ramsar Convention 
 Projects with an adverse impact on UNESCO 
World Heritage Sites 
 Projects violating the Convention on International 
Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and 
Flora (Washington Convention) 
 Projects involving child labor or forced labor 
■ Added 
 
(Underlined parts of the text to the left are revised as follows) 
・Projects which cause forced labor, child labor, or human 
trafficking 
Financing and Investment Transactions which Require Additional Due Diligence Regardless of Sector 
 Projects with adverse impacts on indigenous 
peoples’ local communities 
 Projects involving land expropriation that causes 
forced relocation of residents 
■ Added 
 
(Added the following paragraph to the text on the left.) 
 Projects which cause, contribute to, or directly link with 
violation of human rights in conflict areas 
Policies on Forced Labor, Child Labor, and Human Trafficking (New) 
N/A 
■ Establishment of new policy 
 We promise to act in way that respects internationally 
recognized human rights in the Mizuho Code of Conduct, 
and in addition, based on our Human Rights Policy, we 
aim to fulfil our responsibility to respect human rights 
throughout our global value chain in accordance with the 
United Nations’ Guiding Principles on Business and 
Human Rights. 
 We expect our clients to understand our commitments to 
human rights based on the Human Rights Policy and 
expect them to act to prevent and minimize adverse 
impacts on human rights throughout their operations and 
supply chain as well as to provide remedy if necessary. 
Policies 
 Mizuho will strengthen our human rights due diligence 
with the aim to eliminate forced labor, child labor, and 
human trafficking from our business and value chain. 
 For a company with which we do not have credit 
transactions, if there is evidence of forced labor, child 
labor, or human trafficking caused by the company, then 
we do not provide financing and investment. If we confirm 
that a client with which we already have credit 
transactions is causing forced labor, child labor, or human 
trafficking, we will urge them to provide remedy and 
prevent recurrence. If a client does not make progress on 
addressing our requests even after a certain period of 
time, we carefully consider whether or not to continue our 
business with them. 
 If a client is contributing to or is directly linked with forced 
labor, child labor, or human trafficking, we will request a 
report on their responses to the relevant issue, and that 
they take additional steps if needed. 
 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-74- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
Policy on Transition Risk Sectors 
 
Subjects 
 Companies whose primary businesses are in coal-
fired power generation, oil-fired power generation, 
gas-fired power generation, coal mining, and/or 
other oil and gas operations 
Policies 
 At Mizuho, we are undertaking engagement with 
clients to ensure they make progress on 
addressing transition risks associated with 
climate change. In undertaking such engagement 
with our clients, if a client does not make 
progress on addressing their transition risks even 
after a certain period of time, we carefully 
consider our transactions with the client. Further, 
in our engagement and decision-making, we also 
take into account the role of the client in national 
energy policies aligned with the Paris Agreement. 
■ Added sector, clarified and strengthened response policy 
Subjects 
(Added the following paragraph to the text on the left.) 
 Companies whose primary businesses are steel, or 
cement 
Policies 
(Revised as follows) 
 Based on our Environmental Policy, we are reducing the 
amount of greenhouse gas emissions through a medium- 
to long-term financing and investment portfolio in order to 
transition in stages to a portfolio that aligns with the Paris 
Agreement goals. For that reason, we will actively 
engage (carry out constructive dialogue) with clients in 
order to support the transition to a low-carbon society and 
adapt to climate change, taking a medium to long term 
view, and in accordance with each client’s issues and 
needs. 
 
 We will engage so as to strengthen by stages the 
following initiatives with clients in the transition risk 
sectors. 
- Develop a strategy for shifting to a low-carbon society 
- Set quantitative targets and/or KPIs (medium term, 
long term) to ensure the transition strategy is effective 
- Take actions based on the strategy, targets, and 
KPIs, as well as disclose the progress 
- Measure and disclose greenhouse gas emissions 
volume 
- Enhance disclosures based on TCFD or equivalent 
framework 
 
 Through engagement, we will check at least once per 
year on the status of transition risk response, based on 
the following criteria. 
- Willingness to take measures against transition risks 
- Development of the strategy, setting of quantitative 
targets 
- Target levels, specificity of means of achievement 
and status of efforts, performance and objectivity, etc. 
 
・If there is no willingness to respond to transition risks 
and no transition strategies have been developed by 
clients even one year after the initial engagement based 
on the above27, we make decisions on whether or not to 
continue our business with them based on careful 
consideration. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                         
27 “No transition strategies have been developed” indicates the client has no policy, targets, or other measures to address transition risk. 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -75- 
 
Policies on Specific Industrial Sectors 
Coal-fired 
power 
generation 
 We do not provide financing or 
investment which will be used for 
new construction/expansion of 
existing facilities of coal-fired power 
plants. 
 
 However, when a proposed coal-
fired power plant is essential and 
will contribute to reduction of 
greenhouse gas emissions by 
replacing an existing power plant, 
we may provide financing or 
investment for the project, based 
on careful consideration. 
 
 We will also continue to support 
development of innovative, clean, 
and efficient next-generation 
technology that will contribute to 
the expansion of sustainable 
energy, as well as other initiatives 
for the transition to a low-carbon 
society. 
 
■ Strengthened response policy 
(Deleted the underlined part of the text on the left) 
 We do not provide financing or investment which will be 
used for new construction of coal-fired power plants or 
the expansion of existing plants. 
 
 However, we will also continue to support development of 
innovative, clean, and also efficient next-generation 
technology that will contribute to the expansion of 
sustainable energy, as well as other initiatives for the 
transition to a low-carbon society. 
 
(Added the following) 
 We do not start credit transactions with companies with 
which we have no current credit transactions if the primary 
business of these companies is coal-fired power 
generation. 
Thermal 
coal mining 
 We do not provide financing or 
investment which will be used for 
new thermal coal mining projects. 
 
 When an existing thermal coal 
mining project contributes to the 
stable energy supply of a country 
which has announced policies 
aligned with the Paris Agreement, 
we may provide financing or 
investment for the project, based 
on careful consideration, only in 
these cases. 
■ Strengthened response policy / clarified wording 
(Clarified the underlined parts as follows) 
 We do not provide financing or investment which will be 
used for new thermal coal mining projects or for 
expansion of existing mining projects. 
 
 For cases where it will be used to obtain the rights to an 
existing thermal coal mining project, we may provide 
financing or investment, based on careful consideration, 
only when it is vital to the stable energy supply of a 
country which has announced a target of net zero 
greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.28 
 
(Added the following) 
 We do not provide financing or investment to companies 
with which we have no current credit transactions if the 
primary business of these companies is the mining of 
thermal coal. 
 
Oil and gas  When providing financing or 
investment for oil or gas extraction 
projects in the Arctic Circle or oil 
sands, shale oil, or shale gas 
projects, we conduct appropriate 
assessments of environmental and 
social risks. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
■ Strengthened response policy 
(Added the following) 
 When providing financing or investment that will be used 
for pipeline projects, we carry out appropriate 
environmental and social risk assessments. 
                                         
28 Nationally Determined Contribution. 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-76- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
Large-
scale 
agriculture 
 We urge our clients to formulate 
sustainable and human rights 
policy, such as NDPE and FPIC. 
■ Strengthened response policy / clarified the definition 
(Clarified the definition of large-scale agriculture) 
 Large-scale agriculture covering 10,000 ha or more, 
planting soy, natural rubber, cocoa, coffee, etc. or used 
for grazing. 
 
(Added the following) 
 We urge clients to formulate policies with consideration to 
the environment and human rights, such as respecting 
Free, Prior, and Informed Consent (FPIC) and practicing 
No Deforestation, No Peat, and No Exploitation (NDPE), 
for their entire supply chains, and to strengthen supply 
chain management and improve traceability. 
 
Palm oil  We urge our clients to formulate 
sustainable and human rights 
policy, such as NDPE and FPIC. 
■ Strengthened response policy 
(Added the following) 
 We urge clients to formulate policies with consideration to 
the environment and human rights, such as respecting 
Free, Prior, and Informed Consent (FPIC) and practicing 
No Deforestation, No Peat, and No Exploitation (NDPE), 
for their entire supply chains, and to strengthen supply 
chain management and improve traceability. 
 
Lumber and 
pulp 
 Our business decisions involve a 
thorough examination of whet her 
there are any potential conflicts 
involving indigenous peoples or 
local communities, and we take into 
consideration whether the 
client/project has received 
international certifications such as 
those for responsible forest 
management. 
 
 We urge our clients to formulate 
sustainable and human rights 
policy, such as NDPE and FPIC. 
■ Strengthened response policy 
(Added the following) 
 When financing and investing in lumbering businesses in 
countries that are not among the OECD high-income 
member states, we require them to obtain FSC or PEFC 
certification, and, if they require time to obtain such 
certification, we request them to formulate a plan with a 
deadline aimed at fulfillment. 
 
 We urge clients to formulate policies with consideration to 
the environment and human rights, such as respecting 
Free, Prior, and Informed Consent (FPIC) and practicing 
No Deforestation, No Peat, and No Exploitation (NDPE), 
for their entire supply chains, and to strengthen supply 
chain management and improve traceability. 
 
  
  
TCFD Report 2022  -77- 
 
Overview of our Environmental and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity  
I. Our approach under our Environmental and Social Management Policy for Financing and Investment Activity 
• Companies are expected to contribute to the sustainable development of society as good corporate citizens. In terms of 
the social and environmental impact of business decisions and business activity, companies need to consider the 
expectations of their stakeholders and ensure that their actions are not only aligned with international standards but also 
transparent and ethical. 
• Mizuho promises to act in an environmentally responsible manner and to act in a way that respects internationally  
recognized human rights in the Mizuho Code of Conduct, our Env ironmental Policy, and our Human Rights Policy. We 
understand the importance of our social responsibility and duty to the public and we ensure that our corporate conduct 
fulfills our responsibilities to the communities in which we operate, giving due consideration to the expectations of a diverse 
range of stakeholders. This enables us to contribute to sustainable social and economic development as well as be part of 
the solution to issues affecting society. 
• In regards to environmental issues, including climate change and conservation of biodiversity, we will endeavor to leverage 
our financial intermediary and consulting capabilities to maximize beneficial impacts and avoid or mitigate adverse impacts 
on the environment. 
• One of the ways in which we fulfill our social responsibility and duty to the public is to provide financial services such as 
financing and capital raising support (“financing and investment”) to companies which are taking appropriate measures to 
address environmental and social issues. At t he same time, we are also sensitive to the risks involved in engaging in 
business with companies which are facing environmental or social issues, such as responding to climate change, 
conserving biodiversity, or respecting human rights, or which are not ta king appropriate measures to meet stakeholder 
expectations. 
 
II. Businesses subject to this policy and implementation methods 
(1) Businesses subject to this policy 
• Businesses that provide funds to clients based on their own judgement (examples: lending 29, proprietary investments in 
individual stocks), businesses that support the funding of clients (example: underwriting services), or businesses that have 
assets in their own name and support customer’s business (example: trust fiduciary services30). 
(2) Implementation methods 
• Financing and Investment Transactions Prohibited Regardless of Sector lists projects for which we prohibit any financing 
or investment. 
• Financing and Investment Transactions which Require Additional Due Diligence Regardless of Sector and Policy on Forced 
Labor, Child Labor, and Human Trafficking, Policy on Transition Risk Sectors, and Policies on Specific Industrial Sectors 
describe our practices for determining whether to engage in transactions with clients/projects in subject sectors, accounting 
for the degree to which the client has taken steps to avoid or mitigate risk and other due diligence as appropriate, based 
on the characteristics of the services we are providing. 
• In addition, based on this policy, our primary subsidiaries participate in engagement with specific clients in each sector with 
the aim of sharing a medium - to long-term perspective on opportunities and risks accompanying environmental, social, 
and governance (ESG) issues and climate change. 
 
III. Specific policy implementation 
1. Financing and Investment Transactions Prohibited Regardless of Sector 
• In recognition of the serious risks to and adverse impacts on the environment and society, we refuse to engage in 
                                         
29 Includes corporate finance and project finance. 
30 Excludes businesses involved in asset management. 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-78- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
transactions related to the following types of projects: 
 Projects with an adverse impact on wetlands designated as Wetlands of International Importance under the Ramsar 
Convention 
 Projects with an adverse impact on UNESCO World Heritage sites, excluding projects that have received prior 
consent from the relevant national government and UNESCO 
 Projects violating the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora 
(Washington Convention), excluding cases permitted under any country’s reservation(s) to the convention 
 Projects which cause forced labor, child labor, or human trafficking 
 
2. Financing and Investment Transactions which Require Additional Due Diligence Regardless of Sector 
• In recognition of the serious risks to and adverse impacts on the environment and society, we make decisions on 
financing and investment for the following types of projects based on a cautious and considered approach aimed at 
accounting for the degree to which the client has taken steps to avoid or mitigate risk: 
 Projects with adverse impacts on indigenous peoples’ local communities 
 Projects involving land expropriation that causes forced relocation of residents 
 Projects which cause, contribute to, or directly link with violation of human rights in conflict areas 
 
3. Policy on Forced Labor, Child Labor, and Human Trafficking 
• We promise to act in way that respects internationally recognized human rights in the Mizuho Code of Conduct, and in 
addition, based on our Human Rights Policy, we aim to fulfil our responsibility to respect human rights throughout our 
global value chain in accordance with the United Nations’ Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. 
• In addition, we expect our clients to understand our commitments to human rights based on our Human Rights Policy 
and expect them to act to prevent and minimize adverse impacts on human rights throughout their operations and supply 
chain as well as to provide remedy if necessary. 
• Building on the above, we will establish a policy regarding companies exposed to risks of forced labor, child labor, or 
human trafficking. 
 
Risks that we should recognize 
 Companies are at risk of causing or contributing to forced labor, child labor, or human trafficking through their own 
business activities, or being directly linked to forced labor, child labor, or human trafficking through their businesses, 
products, or services. 
 
Policies 
 We aim to eliminate forced labor, child labor, and human trafficking from our businesses and value chains, and will 
strengthen our human rights due diligence. 
 Currently, when starting a new transaction such as financing and investment with a company with which we do not have 
credit transactions, or if we come into information that there is the possibility that a company we already have credit 
transactions with may be involved in forced labor, child labor, or human trafficking, we will confirm the risks of forced 
labor, child labor, or human trafficking. 
 Building on the results of the above confirmation, we will respond as follows. 
1) For a company with which we do not have credit transactions, if there is evidence of forced labor, child labor, or human 
trafficking caused by the company then we do not provide financing and investment. 
2) If we confirm that a client with which we already have credit transactions is causing forced labor, child labor, or human 
trafficking, we will urge them to provide remedy and prevent recurrence. If a client does not make progress on 
addressing our requests even after a certain period of time, we carefully consider whether or not to continue our 
business with them. 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -79- 
 
3) If a client is contributing to or is directly linked with forced labor, child labor, or human trafficking, we will request a 
report on their responses to the relevant issue, and that they take additional steps if needed. 
 
4. Policy on Transition Risk Sectors 
We recognize that climate change is closely tied to various economic and social issues, and that addressing climate change 
is an important issue in the medium to long term. We will set policies for companies in sectors likely to be exposed to 
transition risks associated with climate change. 
 
Targets 
 Companies whose primary businesses are in coal-fired power generation, oil-fired power generation, gas-fired power 
generation, coal mining, oil and gas, steel, or cement. 
Risks that we should recognize 
 Companies whose primary businesses are those above are at a high risk of exposure to transition risks (policy risks, 
technology risks, reputational risks, etc.) arising from the transition to a low-carbon society, and if their responses to 
these transition risks are not appropriate, there is the risk of increased concern about climate change and air pollution. 
Policies 
 Based on our Environmental Policy, we are reducing the amount of greenhouse gas emissions through a medium- to 
long-term financing and investment portfolio in order to transition in stages to a portfolio that aligns with the Paris 
Agreement goals. For that reason, we will actively engage (carry out constructive dialogue) with clients in order to 
support the transition to a low-carbon society and adapt to climate change, taking a medium to long term view, and in 
accordance with each client’s issues and needs. 
 We will engage so as to strengthen by stages the following initiatives with clients in the transition risk sectors. 
- - Develop a strategy for a low-carbon society 
- - Set quantitative targets and/or KPIs (medium term, long term) to ensure the transition strategy is effective 
- - Take actions based on the strategy, targets, and KPIs, as well as disclose the progress 
- - Measure and disclose greenhouse gas emissions volume 
- - Enhance disclosures based on TCFD or equivalent framework 
 For clients in transition risk sectors, we will specify risk categories based on the primary business of these companies 
and their transition risk response level. 
 Through engagement, we will check at least once per year on the status of transition risk response, based on the 
following criteria. 
- - Willingness to take measures against transition risks 
- - Development of the strategy, setting of quantitative targets 
- - Target levels, specificity of means of achievement and status of efforts, performance and objectivity, etc. 
 If there is no willingness to respond to transition risks and no transition strategies have been developed by clients even 
one year after the initial engagement based on the above, we make decisions on whether or not to continue our business 
with them based on careful consideration. 
 
5. Policies on Specific Industrial Sectors 
For certain sectors such as those listed below, where there is a high possibility of contributing to adverse environmental or 
social impacts, our decisions regarding whether to engage in business transactions take into consideration the client’s 
response to environmental and social issues, including climate change, conservation of biodiversity, and respect for human 
rights: 
1) Weapons 
 We avoid providing financing or investment which will be used for the manufacture of weapons designed to kill or inflict 
structural damage during wars or armed conflicts. In addition, we avoid providing financing or investment to any 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-80- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
manufacturer of cluster munitions, antipersonnel landmines, or biochemical weapons, regardless of the purpose of the 
funding, in view of the inhumane nature of these weapons. 
 
2) Coal-fired power generation 
Risks that we should recognize 
 Compared to other forms of power generation, coal-fired power generation produces more greenhouse gases, in addition 
to producing harmful substances such as sulfur oxide and nitrogen oxide. Therefore, it presents a higher risk of 
contributing to climate change, air pollution, and other environmental impacts. 
Policies 
 We do not provide financing or investment to companies with which we have no current credit transactions if the primary 
business of these companies is coal-fired power generation. 
 We do not provide financing or investment which will be used for new construction of coal-fired power plants or the 
expansion of existing facilities. 
 However, we will also continue to support development of innovative, clean, and also efficient next-generation technology 
that will contribute to the expansion of sustainable energy, as well as other initiatives for the transition to a low -carbon 
society. 
 
3) Thermal coal mining 
Risks that we should recognize 
 The mining of thermal coal, when not managed properly, entails the risk of adverse environmental and social impacts, 
which may include damage to ecosystems from hazardous waste produced in coal mines, as well as deaths or injuries 
resulting from mining accidents. Further, mined coal may also increase greenhouse gas emissions when burned for 
power generation or other purposes in the future. 
Policies 
 Our decisions regarding financing and investment for thermal coal mining companies involve a thorough examination of 
due care to the status of responses to the above risks. 
 We do not provide financing or investment to companies with which we have no current credit transactions if the primary 
business of these companies is the mining of thermal coal. 
 We do not provide financing or investment which will be used for new thermal coal mining projects or for expansion of 
existing projects. 
 For cases where it will be used to obtain the rights to an existing thermal coal mining project, we may provide financing or 
investment for the project, based on careful consideration, onl y when it is vital to the stable energy supply of a country 
which has announced a target of net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. 
 
4) Oil and gas 
Risks that we should recognize 
 Oil and gas extraction and pipeline entail the risk of adverse environmental and social impacts, which may include the 
pollution of oceans and waterways from oil spills or gas leaks, as well as violations of the human rights of indigenous 
peoples. 
 In addition, pipeline projects have the risks of environmental degradation such as oil leaks not just during construction but 
in operation, deforestation, and violating the human rights of indigenous peoples. 
 We recognize that the Arctic Circle (the region north of 66°33′ latitude) requires consideration for the conservation of 
endangered species and for the lives of indigenous peoples. We also recognize that oil sands, shale oil, and shale gas 
development causes significant environmental degradation and may violate the human rights of indigenous peoples, 
among other risks. 
 Policies 
 Our decisions regarding financing and investment for oil and gas projects involve a thorough examination of the impacts 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -81- 
 
on the environment and of the potential for conflicts with indigenous peoples or local communities.  
 When providing financing or investment that will be used for oil or gas extraction in the Arctic, oil sands, shale oil, and 
shale gas extraction, and pipeline, we carry out appropriate environmental and social risk assessments. 
 
5) Large-scale hydropower 
Risks that we should recognize 
 Large-scale hydropower construction31 entails risk of adverse environmental and social impacts, which may include 
disturbance of river basin ecosystems and destruction of biodiversity, as well as violation of the human rights of 
indigenous peoples and local communities due to resettlement. 
Policies 
 Our decisions regarding financing and investment for large-scale hydropower projects involve a thorough examination of 
the impacts on the environment and of the potential for conflicts with indigenous peoples or local communities. 
 When providing financing or investment for large-scale hydropower projects, we recommend the client perform an 
environmental and social impact assessment based on the Hydropower Sustainability Assessment Protocol. 
 
6) Large-scale agriculture 
Risks that we should recognize 
 The development and operation of large-scale agriculture32 may entail environmental issues such as deforestation 
(including forest burning) and damage to biodiversity, in addition to potential human rights abuses such as the violation of 
indigenous peoples’ rights or the use of child labor. 
Policies 
 Our decisions regarding financing and investment for such agriculture involve a thorough examination of the client’s 
measures to address environmental and social issues. 
 We will urge our clients in these sectors to respect Free, Prior, and Informed Consent (FPIC) in relation to local 
communities and to formulate sustainable environmental and human rights policy, such as No Deforestation, No Peat, 
and No Exploitation (NDPE). 
 We will request our clients to strengthen supply chain management and traceability to ensure that the policy it has 
developed will also apply to their supply chain. 
 
7) Palm oil 
Risks that we should recognize 
 While palm oil is an essential commodity for maintaining our lifestyles and infrastructure, we are also aware of the risks of 
potential human rights abuses within the production process such as the violation of indigenous peoples’ rights or the use 
of child labor, in addition to environmental issues such as deforest ation (including forest burning) and damage to 
biodiversity. 
Policies 
 In order to avoid becoming involved in the above projects which may inflict human rights abuses or environmental 
destruction, our business decisions involve a thorough examination of whether there are any potential conflicts involving 
indigenous peoples or local communities, and we take into consideration whether the client/project has received 
international certifications such as those for the production of sustainable palm oil. 
 Specifically, we will request that all plantations be certified by the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO). When a 
client needs more time to have all their plantations certified by the RSPO, we will urge them to formulate a plan with a set 
deadline to receive the certification. When the client does not have any plans to be certified by the RSPO, we will request 
that they take measures equivalent to those required for the certification and periodically report the status of said measures. 
                                         
31 Output of 25MW or more and dam walls of 15m or more. 
32 Agriculture covering 10,000 ha or more, planting soy, natural rubber, cocoa, coffee, etc. or used for grazing. 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-82- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
When the client needs more time to establish such measures, we will urge them to formulate a plan with a set deadline to 
do so. 
 In the event that we identify any unlawful act during the term of a transaction, we urge the client to take immediate remedial 
measures. In the event that the client has not taken appropriate measures to address social issues, we undertake 
engagement with the client to promote remedial measures and, if the client ’s remedial measures are unsatisfactory, we 
suspend new financing and investment. 
 We will ur ge our clients in these sectors to respect FPIC in relation to local communities and to formulate sustainable 
environmental and human rights policy, such as NDPE. 
 We will request our clients to strengthen supply chain management and traceability to ensure that the policy they have 
developed will also apply to their supply chain. 
 
8) Lumber and pulp 
Risks that we should recognize 
 While lumber and pulp are essential commodities for maintaining our lifestyles and infrastructure, we are also aware of the 
risks of human rights abuses within the production process such as the violation of indigenous peoples ’ rights or the use 
of child labor, in addition to environmental issues such as deforestation (including forest burning) and damage to 
biodiversity. 
Policies 
 In or der to avoid becoming involved in the above projects which may inflict human rights abuses or environmental 
destruction, our business decisions involve a thorough examination of whether there are any potential conflicts involving 
indigenous peoples or loca l communities, and we take into consideration whether the client/project has received 
international certifications such as those for responsible forest management. 
 Specifically, when financing and investing in lumbering businesses in countries that are not among the OECD high-income 
member states, we will request them to obtain F orest Stewardship Council or Programme for the Endorsement of Forest 
Certification certification, and, if they need more time to obtain such certification, we will urge them to formulate a plan with 
a set deadline to receive the certification. 
 In the event that we identify any unlawful act during the term of a transaction, we urge the client to take immediate remedial 
measures. In the event that the client has not taken appropriate m easures to address social issues, we undertake 
engagement with the client to promote remedial measures and, if the client ’s remedial measures are unsatisfactory, we 
suspend new financing and investment. 
 We will urge our clients in these sectors to respect FPIC in relation to local communities and to formulate sustainable 
environmental and human rights policy, such as NDPE. 
 We will request our clients to strengthen supply chain management and traceability to ensure that the policy they have 
developed will also apply to their supply chain. 
 
IV. Governance related to this policy 
1. Governance 
Relevant governing bodies within Mizuho such as our Executive Management Committee and/or Business Policy Committee 
will regularly review whether our measures related to the risks, sectors, and other factors covered under this policy are 
appropriate and su fficient, with consideration to changes in the external business environment and the results of 
implementation. Following these reviews, our governing bodies may revise or otherwise make changes to our measures to 
enhance their implementation. 
 
Mizuho Bank , Mizuho Trust & Banking, Mizuho Securities, and Mizuho Americas are putting in place an operational 
framework for this policy integrating the most recent revisions and will begin implementing it from July 1, 2022. The global 
subsidiaries of the four companies above will begin implementing the framework in stages by October 2022. 
 
  
TCFD Report 2022  -83- 
 
2. Education and training 
Mizuho will conduct training and professional development exercises to enhance executive officers ’ and employees ’ 
understanding of environmental and human rights issues. We will also implement educational seminars, training, and 
awareness building activities for executive officers and employees regarding compliance with the internal regulations and 
procedures which are relevant to their field of work. 
 
3. Stakeholder communication 
As part of our initiatives in this area, we place a strong emphasis on engagement with stakeholders. Our objective in taking 
this approach is to ensure that our initiatives are aligned with society’s standards and expectations. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CEO message
Overview/Introduction
Governance
Strategy
Risk management
Metrics and targets
Conclusion
Appendix
 
-84- Mizuho Financial Group 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This report contains forward-looking statements, including estimates, forecasts, targets , and plans. These statements are based 
on management ’s current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. These forward-looking 
statements do not represent any guarantee by management of future performance. These statements r eflect our current views 
with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties , and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from 
those included in these statements due to a variety of factors, including, among others, global socio- demographic and economic 
trends, energy prices, technological innovations, climate-related conditions and weather events, governmental policies and 
legislative and regulatory changes as well as other unforeseen events or conditions. Further information re garding factors that 
could affect our results is included in “ Item 3.D. Key Information—Risk Factors” in our most recent Form 20-F filed with the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission, which is available in the Financial Information section of our web page at 
www.mizuhofg.com/index.html and also at the SEC ’s web site at www.sec.gov. We are under no obligation, and disclaim any 
obligation, to update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
Mizuho Financial Group, Inc.
1-5-5, Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8176, Japan
www.mizuho-fg.com
