Carbon reduction plan
July 2023 (meets PPN 06/21)
Commitment to achieving net-zero
1Carbon reduction plan - July 2023
Contents
Appendix 1
Declaration and sign off
Carbon reduction initiatives
Baseline emissions footprint
2
3
6
8
9
Carbon reduction plan - July 2023
Commitment to achieving 
net-zero
2
Supplier name
Wincanton Holdings Limited trading as Wincanton
Publication date 
July 2023
Commitment to achieving net-zero 
Wincanton is committed to achieving an ambitious target of “net-zero carbon emissions by 2040”.
We will nurture our culture of care for the environmental throughout our operations and, through our industry leading 
continuous improvement and innovation programmes, minimise our environmental impacts including our greenhouse gas 
(“carbon”) emissions. 
We are great people delivering sustainable supply chain value and we have already taken many strides to ensure that we 
achieve our headline target by engaging our customers with our low carbon vision of the future; continuously improving 
our fleet; optimizing our transport network; continuing to minimise our waste; and electrifying our warehouse estate whilst 
sourcing renewable energy.
We plan to continue to reduce our emissions through our continuous improvement and operational excellence programmes 
and are confident that we will meet our targets, both interim and long term, whilst collaboratively helping our customers to 
achieve theirs.
Carbon reduction plan - July 2023
Baseline emissions footprint
Baseline emissions
Baseline emissions are a record of the greenhouse gases that have been produced in the past and were produced prior to the 
introduction or continuation of any strategies documented below to reduce emissions. Our baseline emissions are the reference 
point against which our future emissions reduction will be measured.
The Wincanton financial year is 1 April to 31 March. Our current targets are our third carbon target period. We started with “10% 
reduction by 2016 from a 2010 baseline”, which we achieved. We then completed “a 5% reduction by 2020 from a 2016 baseline” 
and have now set a long-term target to 2040 based around our net-zero aspirations.
The baseline for this third “net-zero” target period is 2019-20, “FY2020”.
Additional details relating to the baseline emissions calculations
Our carbon emission information is prepared with reference to the Carbon Disclosure Standards Board (CDSB) Framework 1.1 and 
the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard for company reporting using ‘operational control’.
Carbon factors are as per UK Defra/BEIS conversion factors for company reporting for the respective years, with emissions from 
electricity generation, transmission and distribution emissions included as scope 2 emissions. For all UK mainland operations 
where we have the supply contract, we purchase ‘green tariff’ electricity that complies with the market-based scope 2 reporting 
requirements of the GHG protocol. However, we have reported electricity use at UK grid average emissions for the purposes of 
this Carbon Reduction Plan and our Annual Report(s), both of which are available on the Wincanton website along with an ESG 
reporting page referencing the relevant GRI measures.
This baseline footprint is the same as that published in Wincanton Annual Report 2020 (AR20), restated in AR21 and restated here 
to reflect the disposal in Sep/Oct 2020 of our containers and workshop businesses. The AR21 and post disposal restatements have 
been provided with the post disposal figure being the baseline we will work from. Wincanton acquired Cygnia in September 2021, 
adding 428 tCO2e from the use of mains gas and electricity. Cygnia customers outsource their transport meaning no scope 1 or 3 
emissions from transport. This carbon figure was about 0.1% of our total scope 1 and 2 emissions and deemed not material to our 
emissions. No ‘re-baselining’ of our target or performance figures was therefore required for the Cygnia acquisition.
Carbon Emissions Performance
The emissions performance (Table 1) has also been provided as per AR23. Restated figures are provided for 2019-20 and 2020-21 to 
reflect the disposal of our specialist container logistics and PFS workshop businesses.
3
Year
Emissions
2019-20
(Baseline)
2019-20
(Baseline 
2020-21 2020-21
(Restated)
2021-22 2022-23
Scope 1 324,357 297,202 308,391 295,961 314,799 313,786
Scope 2 23,229 22,872 20,398 20,210 19,401 17,079
Scope 3* 92,493 77,495 91,061 83,763 121,390 83,911
TOTAL 440,079 397,569 419,850 399,934 455,590 414,776
Table 1
* Selected scope 3 emissions categories are downstream and upstream transport and distribution; business travel;  
waste; and employee commuting as per the recommendations of PPN 06/21. See Appendix 1 for explanatory notes and  
methodology overview.
In FY2023, Wincanton revenue grew 2.8% to £1,462m with total scope 1,2 and 3 emissions reducing 9%. This means our carbon 
intensity by revenue reduced year on year. See graphs 1 and 2 for revenue growth and carbon intensity trends.
This emissions performance was delivered by continued deployment of our “Winsight” transport planning and digital transport 
suites; reduced sub-contract road freight spend; increased use of hydro-treated vegetable oil (HVO) renewable fuel; increased use 
of natural gas for transport; and shifts in our business mix towards less carbon intensive revenue streams. 
Emissions reduction targets
Currently, we have a “qualitative”, long-term, “net-zero by 2040” target which has not been verified formally by the Science Based 
Targets Initiative. We have not yet committed to a formal science-based target (SBT). We evaluated an SBT during FY2023 and 
while we recognise that this has become a standardised approach for many companies, decarbonisation trajectories for the freight 
transport sector remain unclear. 
Our progress against targets is currently focused on scope 1 and 2 emissions and we anticipate that we will achieve a 30% 
reduction in emissions by 2030 based on the wider industry decarbonisation and legislative landscape; our progress at optimising 
our diesel fuel usage; use of transition fuels like HVO; and limited early adoption of electric trucks in heavier weight categories. 
We expect a further 70% reduction from 2030 to 2040 as electrification technologies and infrastructure, potentially including 
hydrogen, become more widespread and commercially available.
In our initial 2021 PPN 06/21 Carbon Reduction Plan (CRP), we used a simple linear methodology to project our target trajectory 
over the target period. 
As we have engaged with and explored alternative fuel and zero emission technology timelines through this year, we have adjusted 
the original target trajectory methodology to reflect the timelines we are seeing from our technology and innovation partners. 
We now use a non-linear methodology to reflect our belief that, as the freight transport carbon reduction ecosystem matures and 
zero emission technology and infrastructure become more widely available, we will see the pace of carbon reduction increase in 
the second half of the 2020s. Reduction will then continue at the rate that we can convert fleets at times of renewal and contract 
award making progress more linear to 2040. Graph 1 Illustrates our performance against our non-linear target trajectory to 2030.
After 2040, we anticipate that any remaining residual emissions will be offset using appropriate, authentic carbon reduction credits 
until we can finally remove all emissions. We may use carbon credits before this for selected customers, sectors or sites where 
carbon neutral operation is required and feasible.
4
Graph 1 – Emissions Performance and Target Trajectory
Graph 2 illustrates the same target trajectory but maps carbon intensity by revenue showing our carbon reduction is helping us to 
stay on track despite revenue growth. Making significant emissions reductions to compensate for further growth will require us 
to complete wholesale introductions of alternative fuels and zero emission technologies and we will not be able to rely solely on 
efficiency gains and incremental improvement.
Graph 2 – Carbon Emissions Intensity by Revenue
Carbon reduction plan - July 2023
Carbon reduction plan - July 2023 5
Carbon reduction initiatives
Carbon reduction initiatives
Our target is an absolute one and, whilst in the earlier phases we will aim to continuously improve transport and energy efficiency, 
our plans are to utilise alternative fuels and electrification to achieve the emissions reductions we have committed to.
Wincanton has held the Carbon Trust Standard (CTS) since 2010, which has required us to demonstrate carbon reductions  
year on year for the past twelve years. We have now moved away from the CTS and certified our carbon accounting process to  
ISO14064-1:2018 to provide external assurance of our carbon reduction programme. We also have an environmental management 
system in place that is available to all operations and is certified to ISO14001:2015 giving us a solid platform to achieve our  
improvement goals.
The initiatives below have been or can be implemented on all customer contracts relevant to the technology solution and it is not 
an exhaustive list of all projects. The diversity of the Wincanton contract portfolio means that not all carbon reduction initiatives 
are effective in all applications. The appropriate and effective solutions will be implemented for a particular contract agreed 
collaboratively with our customer.
Fleet and Transport
Emissions from transport make up over 83% of our total scope 1, 2 and 3 carbon emissions. We continue to invest in our fleet 
typically replacing 15-20% of our vehicles each year. Over 98% of the vehicles we operate are Euro VI and when we upgrade these, 
we ensure we include the latest engine variants and fuel saving features such as adaptive cruise control; automatic braking; and 
predictive power train control.
We have fitted most of our vehicles with vision-enabled telematics and established an industry leading driver assessment  
and coaching programme to keep our drivers firmly in the ‘green’ performance zone which results in the best fuel efficiency.
We are utilising ‘green’, low rolling resistance tyres where appropriate, are utilising ‘mirrorless’ vehicles that provide some 
aerodynamic benefit, and, where appropriate, we use light-weighted trailers, double decks and longer semi-trailers to  
optimise load fill.
We continue to implement our cloud-based transport planning system which is a multi-year project that will provide significant 
benefits in vehicle utilisation, routing and loading across our diverse portfolio over the coming years. It will be deployed on those 
fleets where it will provide sustainable value in network optimization.
We continue to evaluate, trial, and adopt, when appropriate, alternative fuels including electric vehicles, biomethane, and  
hydro-treated vegetable oil (HVO) and we anticipate significant collaborative investment with our customers in electric and 
alternative fueled vehicles and infrastructure. Initially, over the next 5 to 10 years, we expect that for heavier trucks this will be 
in HVO and biomethane with electrification of our smaller, rigid vehicles. During FY2023 we utilised 1.5m litres of HVO and we 
recently announced the deployment of 30 electric vehicles up to 16.7t on our two-person home delivery network. 
In 5 to 10 years and beyond we believe that heavier HGVs with battery electric and hydrogen fuel cell drive trains will become 
commercially available and will begin to achieve widespread deployment after 2030. We have been participating in the ‘Zero 
Emission Road Freight Demonstration’ (ZERFD) funding competition administered by Innovate UK. We hope that ZERFD funding 
will allow us to implement zero emission, 40t+ tractor units, at a total operating cost comparable to diesel and these should be on 
the road no later than March 2025.
In the shorter term, we are on course to have an all-electric company car fleet by 2026 supported by the necessary workplace 
charging infrastructure at the appropriate sites. Currently 30% of our company cars and 79% of open car orders are pure electric.
Carbon reduction plan - July 2023 6
Warehouse and infrastructure
On the warehouse side we have completed various projects to upgrade to sensor-controlled LED lighting across our portfolio 
and continue to upgrade lighting at every opportunity e.g. when we add a new customer site to our portfolio. Warehouse energy 
efficiency, waste reduction and packaging projects are included on mandatory continuous Improvement (CI) plans across the 
business and are led by our operations in collaboration with the customer.
We source green tariff electricity from Renewable Energy Guarantee of Origin (REGO) backed renewable sources where we have 
the supply contract. We are now implementing a programme of solar photovoltaic (PV) panel installation across our estate working 
with our landlords. We anticipate first completed project will be during summer 2023. Where possible, the solar PV arrays will be 
sized to reflect the potential electrification of our transport assets and the increased electricity demand, power capacity and power 
management that this will entail.
Indirect Emissions
With respect to our indirect (scope 3) emissions we make efforts to reduce these through the sub-contract, sustainable 
procurement and travel policies that we deploy. Sub-contract transport (“downstream transport and distribution”) is a priority 
here because our sub-contract policy and volume has a proportional impact on our scope 1 emissions. We are developing new and 
more accurate ways to measure our scope 3 emissions utilizing systems such as our transport control tower product to reflect the 
increasing importance of these indirect emissions in our mix.
Appendix 1 give more detail regarding each category of indirect, scope 3 emission source included in this disclosure.
More information about all aspects of the Wincanton ESG programme are available in our Annual Reports available at  
Results, reports and presentations | Wincanton plc
Carbon reduction plan - July 2023 7Carbon reduction plan - July 2023
Declaration and sign off
Declaration and sign off
This Carbon Reduction Plan has been completed in accordance with PPN 06/21 and associated guidance and reporting standard for 
Carbon Reduction Plans.
Carbon emissions have been reported and recorded in accordance with the published reporting standard for Carbon Reduction 
Plans and the GHG Reporting Protocol corporate standard1 and uses the appropriate, 2022, UK Government emission conversion 
factors for greenhouse gas company reporting2.
Scope 1 and 2 emissions have been reported in accordance with Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) requirements. 
The required subset of scope 3 emissions have been reported in accordance with the published reporting standard for Carbon 
Reduction Plans and the Corporate Value Chain (scope 3) Standard3.
This Carbon Reduction Plan has been reviewed and signed off by the Executive Management Team.
 
Approved on behalf of Wincanton:
8
1 https://ghgprotocol.org/corporate-standard 
2 https://www.gov.uk/government/collections/government-conversion-factors-for-company-reporting 
3 https://ghgprotocol.org/standards/scope-3-standard 
James Wroath 
Chief Executive Officer
July 2023
Carbon reduction plan - July 2023
Appendix 1
Business travel - Air and rail travel included. Taxi, bus, tube and hotel emissions are excluded. Hire car, 
company car and grey fleet business travel is included in scope 1 emissions and calculated from fuel drawings 
and mileage claims.
Downstream transportation and distribution - Wincanton are not a product company. We are a supply 
chain services company and as such the downstream limit of our emissions is often the delivery point of our 
customers’ product(s). However, we use sub-contract road freight, rail freight and ferries to meet our service 
obligations to our customers and have included estimated scope 3 emissions from these sources.
Emissions are calculated from spend reports, Government average annual fuel price figures, and 
benchmarking data provided by Logistics UK. Deployment of our cloud-based transport planning and 
transport control tower systems has given us the scope to change the methodology for calculating 
downstream transport and distribution emissions and we anticipate advances in our calculation methodology 
in the coming year.
Upstream transportation and distribution - Wincanton are not a product company. We are a supply chain 
services company and as such the upstream transportation and distribution to the warehouse facilities we 
manage is owned by our customers or their suppliers and we get involved only if they award that business 
to us, in which case the associated emissions will be included in the scope 1 and/or scope 3 emissions figure. 
Where we are awarded this work, we may use sub-contract road freight; rail freight and ferries to meet our 
service obligations and have included estimated scope 3 emissions from these sources in our “downstream” 
calculations. We have not included any emissions from the manufacture or construction of the transport and 
property assets that we utilise either upstream or downstream.
Waste - Wincanton manages its waste very closely; sends zero waste to landfill; and has made long term 
target commitments for minimising and recycling residual waste. Much of the waste materials we handle 
results from decisions made by our customers and they and Wincanton both measure waste in terms of 
weights and types rather than converting it to scope 3 emissions. We believe the effectiveness of our waste 
programme is better served by maintaining waste as a physical commodity rather than assigning an emissions 
impact. However, for the purposes of this carbon reduction plan, we have used our annual waste quantity and 
the Defra/BEIS 2020-2022 carbon factors to estimate the associated scope 3 emissions for each year.
These are transport only and do not include waste processing emissions in the calculation process which  
is still under consideration and development and relies on supplier provided data for the calculation.
Employee commuting - Wincanton has over 170 operating locations and the nature of the contract  
supply chain sector means that these locations are often defined by our customers’ and their  
distribution networks. 
Although we cannot change the location of our sites easily, Wincanton encourages the use of car sharing, 
cycling and public transport but does not aggregate and track their impacts nationally but only at local, site 
level when colleagues wish to do so to drive specific project evaluation or a sustainability initiative.
Employee travel to work is featured in many site CI plans as a scope 3 emission reduction opportunity and 
may be included in our annual “Environment Week” colleague engagement activities.
Emissions from employee commuting are not included in our “net-zero 2040” target because we have little 
influence on them or ability to reduce them. However, for the purposes of this carbon reduction plan we 
have included them in our data, tables and graphs. We have used our end of year FTE figure for each year 
to estimate our employee commuting emissions from UK average figures on employment and emissions 
provided by ONS and CBI. Wincanton will develop a more scalable calculation methodology over time, 
probably based on travel surveys for a selected proportion of the largest 25 sites we operate which host 65% 
of our 20,005 colleagues.
Scope 3 emissions explanatory notes
9
